Joe Rogan podcast check it out The Joe
Rogan Experience Train by day Joe Rogan
podcast by night all
day all right we're rolling good to see
you sir here we
go um one of the things I wanted to talk
to you about I wanted to play this but
we decided we shouldn't play it because
uh it could get copyright strike and we
don't want to get the episode we don't
want anybody to have any sort of a way
to get it down sure but it was the
episode of you when you're on The View
and I think it was 2015 or6 like when
you were running for president right and
you sat you got introduced as our friend
Donald Trump that's right whoopy
Goldberg gives you a big hug and a kiss
Joy bayar gives you a big hug Barbara
Walters gives you a big hug they all
loved you they were all talking about
how your uh you might be
you might be conservative in your
financial positions but you're very
liberal socially they were they're
talking about you in such a favorable
light the audience was
cheering and then you actually started
winning in the polls and then the
machine started working towards you yeah
but it's there's probably no one in
history that I've ever seen that's been
attacked the way you've been attacked
and the way they've done it so coord at
and systematically when you see those
same people in the past very favorable
to you like Oprah when you were on Oprah
Show she was encouraging you last week I
did one of our last shows I think maybe
Thursday or Friday that was a big deal
being on Oprah's show the last one and I
was like one of the last shows in that
last that final week and I said boy
we've come a long way since since that
what was it like uh well the concept it
was really like two different lives you
know I had a a very wonderful life but I
I wanted to do this The Apprentice was
still going very strong we had 12
seasons and uh we had actually uh 14
Seasons 12 years over they had a couple
of well they canceled the Apprentice
when you were running for president
correct no they had Arnold SCH a
do it I was involved in that and I want
I I had enough of it and we did great it
was doing great but they wanted me to
stay they all came to see me they said
we're going to give you a contract they
wanted to extend my contract Mark
Bernett is a great guy and they wanted
to extend the contract Mark said you're
crazy don't run don't run no nobody
gives up prime time they said you know
it's one of those little things which is
probably true nobody gives a prime time
though for being president for for
running well for running against 20 some
people you know turned out to be 18 18
professional people you know mostly
politicians they said who would do this
I mean it's a long shot actually the
heads of NBC came over the uh Paul tgy
all the all the top people came over to
see me try and talk me out of it because
they wanted to have me extend The
Apprentice was doing well so it was 14
Seasons it was 12 years we had one two
seasons where we had a double which
rarely happens it was just a hot show
and uh I said you know I want to do this
what happened is uh previously like
three years four years before that they
did a poll they had Mitt Romney and
somehow they put me in a poll and I blew
everybody away I blew him away which
isn't that hard frankly but I blew
everybody away and I said that's
interesting because I never really gave
it that much real thought I thought
about it but never real thought but I
saw these polls were very good and so I
was thinking about doing it then but I
had a contract with the Apprentice plus
I was building two big buildings at the
time and I wanted to make sure they got
finished up properly and it was one of
those things the kids were just sort of
getting involved they're very capable
kids but they were getting involved
early on so I did that I got them done I
had some very good successes and I came
on and then I thought about it for the
next one after the Romney disaster and I
ran and I won against Hillary it was
quite an experience but it was a
different life because you're right the
view I was on The View many many times
and uh they loved me just the way people
would talk I mean even if people had
criticisms about you people that didn't
like you there was always feuds and
stuff like that but the reality was the
thing turned on you when they found out
that you were going to be president it
was very coordinated and some people are
catching on to that now there's a lot of
people that were longtime Democrats like
Elon and Bill Amman and all these
different very intelligent people and
they support me now Bill supports me
he's been very supportive too what this
is what I wanted to ask you what was it
like when you actually got in CU nobody
really can prepare you for that when
you're running for president you don't
really know what it's going to be like
when you actually get into office what
was the what did you think it was going
to be like in office or when I decided
to run so no when you got in when I was
in so when I was in and one and was in
the White House essentially well first
of all it was very surreal oh you know
it's very interesting when I got shot it
wasn't surreal that should have been
surreal when I was laying on the ground
I knew exactly what was going on I knew
exactly where I was hit they were saying
you were hit all over the place because
there was so much blood from the ear you
would know that better than anyone when
they get the ear torn up ear bleed a lot
bleed anyway so and and I was thinking
the other day
when when that happened I really knew
where I was I knew exactly what happened
I said I wasn't hit anywhere else with
the with the presidency it was a very
surreal experience okay and what's day
one like you win you get inaugurated
holy I'm the president yeah that's
what happened so I'm driving down
Pennsylvania Avenue I just built a
building on pen you know the hotel the
old post office it was we called it
Trump
National uh hotel and we sold it to the
Waldorf Historia and it was a wonderful
thing but I'm driving down I'm passing
the hotel you've never seen so many
motorcycles police
military you know it was a major thing I
got off really the first time I used Air
Force One landed and we're coming down
and they were it was very be I mean it
was incredible and we're going down
Pennsylvania Avenue in the opposite
direction you know normally you're used
to going one way and all of a sudden
you're going the other way the street
was loaded up and I wanted to go out and
I wanted to wave to everybody but that
wasn't smart you know that KS a little
bit dangerous right I mean when you
watch like Kennedy and some others right
but I really felt I don't know the love
was so crazy and so I did get out of the
car for a brief you know just for a very
short walk I thought it was very
important to do and milania got out with
her beautiful dress on that became sort
of a staple it was uh people loved it
and
Baron and we're walking down the street
but where it really got amazing we get
to the White House and now it's a little
bit uh little bit before dark
beautiful and we went up to the
president's quarters they call them the
presidential quarters and I'm standing
in this beautiful hallway I you know
it's funny nobody ever talks about the
White House as being beautiful inside
you know you think it's going to be
everything's going to be all metal doors
and stuff it's not it's so beautiful I
made my money largely on luxury the
hallway is like 25 ft wide the ceiling
Heights are you every it's so beautiful
but I was standing there and I said to
the guys I want to see the Lincoln
bedroom I had never seen the Lincoln
bedroom I'd heard about the Lincoln
bedroom and I was standing with my wife
I said Do you believe it this is the
Lincoln bedroom I mean it was like it
was it was amazing because it's look if
you love the country but here you are
the Lincoln bedroom and the bed you know
he was very tall he was 6'6 which then
would be like like Baron right would be
like Baron Trump he's 69 but 6'6 he was
very tall then on top of that he wore
there it is he wore that yeah there it
is it's a long bed elongated bed and
because very you know people were
shorter than you see some of the chairs
are very very low to the ground actually
but he had the long bed and they had uh
you had the Gettysburg Address right on
that right under that you can't see it
here but right there the original
version of the Gettysburg address and
this is the original and I'm looking and
I just looked around I said Do you
believe this because I was never a pol
first of even if you were a politician
but I was never a politician it just I
sort of just started right and all of a
sudden I'm standing in the White House
and it was uh very very surreal that
room was so beautiful to me much more
beautiful than it actually is you know
to me when I looked at the bed and the
bed you could see was a little bit
longer had to be a little bit longer uh
he lost his son and they suffered the
two of them suffered from melancolia
they didn't call it depression they
called it melancolia and they suffered
from it he was a very depressed guy and
she was a very depressed woman more so
than him and on top of that they lost
their son whose name was Tad Tad and uh
it was uh just seeing it in the little
picture a little tiny picture I mean you
can't see the details there little tiny
everything the W was a little tiny
picture of Tad who he lost and it was
devastating and he was you know he was a
look he was in a war he was he and he
was having a hard time because he
couldn't beat Robert E Lee Robert E Lee
won like 13 battles in a row and he was
getting like a phobia like a fighter you
know a lot about the fight stuff but
like I went to a UFC fight and it was a
champion who was 14- one about a year
ago you would know the names 14 and one
and the only guy he lost to was this one
guy but the guy that he was fighting was
like almost just an average fighter lost
numerous times but he beat this one guy
so I said okay I really don't know who
you're talking abouty I I will figure it
out okay but about a year ago but the
point is that he lost he wasn't nearly
the fighter as the but the one who was
not nearly the fighter had beaten he's
the only guy that beat the the champ
like five years before and I said I'll
take the guy that won the other fight
and that's what happened he beat him a
second time sometimes psychological
advantage is this crazy thing uh Lincoln
had a I don't know I've never read this
I heard it from people in the way house
who really understand what was going on
with with the whole life of the White
House but Lincoln had uh The Yips about
in a way as the golfers would say he had
a phobia about Robert El Lee said I
can't beat Robert because Robert E Lee
won many battles in a row he was just
beating the hell out of you know they
tried to get Robert Elite to be on the
north but he said no I have to be with
my state you know the state was his
whole thing and and he went to the South
and he was uh I've had generals tell me
we have some great generals the real
generals not the ones you see on
television the ones that beat Isis with
me we defeated Isis and record time it
was supposed to take years and we did it
in a matter of weeks he's are great
generals he's a tough guys he's a not
woke guys but their favorite General in
terms of Genius was Robert El Le
strategy strategy strategically he took
a war that should have been over in a
few days and it was you know years of
head hell a vicious war and um so here I
am standing there and again I had never
really done this before you know I ran I
ran a number of months before I won I
probably uh I guess if you figured Max
it out it would be a year something like
that so I had never run for office and I
did well I mean I I went into debates we
had 18 people including me and then
slowly but surely they started to
disappear we had debates good debates
everyone's aware of all this stuff but
what I want to get to is like what was
the experience once you got inside like
what did you think it was going to be
like in terms of like your ability to
govern like this is your first
experience governing anything you never
been a govern you never been a mayor
private private stuff business but now
all of a sudden you're inside the White
House the biggest thing was just that
first moment of being in this hallowed
it was really a hallowed place to me it
was it was beyond to me that's that was
the experience it was a surreal
experience and then with time that wears
off with time it becomes you know your
place where you stay and right uh I was
doing a lot of I was I had two things
that I really focused on governing the
country and uh
survival because from the moment I won
before I got to office all of a sudden
it I mean they came down I mean nobody
has ever been treated that way
and and you see that I mean you see
we're in the Washington Post very early
on they said well now the impeachment
stuff starts and it did I mean it
literally started from the beginning so
I had survival and run the nation I had
a a combination most people don't have
the survival they get in uh what did you
expect though in terms of like once you
got inside you had to appoint all these
people like how many appointments did
you have to make you have you actually
10,000 uh appointments now they're
different you know you have big ones and
then they appoint right 100 people and
200 people and but the president really
is is involved with approximately 10,000
appointments so you'll appoint a
secretary of state and he will he or she
will appoint a lot of people so it's a
lot but in terms of major ones you
probably have like a h 100 but they're
big ones uh treasury State uh military
and how did you know who to a point well
I I didn't I had no experience you have
to understand I was there 17 times in
Washington and I never stayed over
according to the Press which I think is
probably right over the years I was only
there 17 times I never stayed over so
now I'm sitting there I'm saying this
place is gorgeous but you know I don't
know anybody it's like you you you know
you go to certain areas and other areas
they may be great Washington was great
Washington's not so great right now
they're got to we got to fix it we got
to make it better very dangerous place
very badly maintained place we're going
to make it great we're going to make it
better better we're going to bring it
back but I wasn't a Washington guy I was
a New York guy I was a New York Builder
and I I built buildings in New York and
I knew that whole world but I didn't
know the Washington world too well and
all of a sudden you're supposed to be
appointing top people so what did you
think it was going to be like versus
like did you have any ideas of what it
was going to be like and what was
different well I was always involved in
politics but usually from the standpoint
of of a donor I was a donor you know I
was a big donor I gave money to
politicians I enjoyed Poli rats right a
de both really pretty much both I have
actually pictures of Ronald Reagan and
me when I was very young you were a
Democrat until like what year uh I was a
Democrat um I could get you the exact
but the the early 90s the early 90s I I
switched over eventually actually uh
they had a reform party I was thinking
about doing that for a little while but
then fortunately I didn't because it's
very hard you know it's a two-party
system and anytime you hear third party
I know you like RF K junr and so do I
he's a fantastic gu I do but I thought
that being an independent was nonsense
it doesn't work it doesn't work because
even if you do great you're not going to
get Congress in other words you need now
to say okay now I'll get half of
Congress never going to vote for you so
even if you got there which is very hard
and but and I know how you feel about
Bobby and I feel the same way and he's
now with us but it it doesn't it's real
it's pure and simple it's a two-party
system right and uh somebody I won't
mention his name but somebody spent $250
million trying to get the nomination as
a Reform Party candidate or whatever and
they got just nowhere you get eaten you
just get eaten the system eats you alive
right so uh so it was it was really
somebody that Not only was new to
Washington but was new to
politics so in in the office of the
presidency over the years all those
presidents you've had 92 2% were
politicians and 8% were Generals General
Eisenhower General Washington right
General George Washington he had
generals so it's 8% no Admirals 8%
generals and 92% politicians you know
they're politicians and they go on so
they never had a business guy or they
never had a guy that wasn't elected to
an office um they were all like Ronald
Reagan was really he was a movie actor
and then but he became the governor of
California for I think two terms and
then he ran
uh so you'd never had a thing like this
but I you know in terms of me and some
sometimes i' use it as an excuse and I
don't like having excuses actually but
I'd use it as an excuse I had to rely on
people that I respected or liked but
that I didn't know that well because I
didn't know them that well some of those
people I campaigned against because you
know when you have 18 people we had
mostly politicians running in the
election you know running in the
primaries and they got knocked out one
by one but I got to like some of them
some of them I didn't like at all and I
don't like them now and I'd rely on them
and I'd rely on other people so all of a
sudden people would come in I'd like to
recommend so and so to be Secretary of
State and I'd have three four people
recomend one thing I can tell you
everybody wants the position of course
no no but sometimes I'll hear a lot of
people don't want to work with Trump
because Trump is tough to work with Etc
let me tell you everybody wants to be
any one of these positions they die for
it of course now they don't want to be
known I mean there's a particular guy in
uh New York primarily very big very big
very successful very uh very strong very
political although he's not a politician
he'd give anything to be Secretary of
State but if they ask him no I don't
think I would do it but in the
meantime begging for it okay begging
they all I believe everybody look
everybody wants it but my by the way no
matter what you do every but it's very
dangerous to pick somebody outside of a
politician because a politician's been
basically vetted for years right you
pick a business guy and they've never
been vetted at all and they're you know
the head of a big company or something
but they've never been vetted you know
nothing about his personal life you know
nothing about where he's been when you
put him in it's a little bit dangerous
because all of a sudden they get checked
up and you hear things that you're
saying wow this is not going to work out
too well so it's very dangerous picking
picking people that are outside of
politics is somewhat dangerous so you're
kind of stuck in a position we have to
pick established people then the problem
with established people is established
people are already indoctrinated into
the system and they're stiffs in many
cases stiffs they're survivors I find
that you know what do you mean by stiffs
when you say stiffs stiff they don't
they don't have nothing they have
nothing
or they're smart and survival one one
little thing so there was a congressman
years before I ran and I was very close
to him and I needed a license on
something and he was very important in
getting the license but it was a little
bit controversial the license this
particular thing that was being licensed
but I was close to this guy and helped
him and everything else and I went to
him I said I'd like to have you help and
he said uh let me take a look at it I
said oh that's not too good uh but I
really hope you're going to help and
anyway he tapped me along for a long
period of time and ultimately didn't do
it and I said you are a stiff you could
have done this thing so easy Etc but it
was controversial he was in Congress for
many years like 28 years and you know
there's a reason when somebody's there
for 28 years you got to be S of smart
you know you have all scals and I
realized he was a Survivor and so they
never do anything controversial they
never take any chances or speak their
opinion that's outside of the yeah and
yet I don't disrespect him for it I
actually respected the guy more than a
in a certain way I said survive you know
what he's been there like for 28 years
and he made it through a lot of people
don't make it through it's a good way
for non-exceptional people to survive
well it is I mean it certainly is so
you're you're in there you have 10,000
appointments you have to make like so
you're getting advice from people and it
at one point in time did you have a
moment in time where you realize like
these are bad choices like some of these
people I shouldn't have had in there oh
yeah I think so the one question that
you'll ask me that I think you'll ask me
that see people seem to ask and I always
come up with the same answer
uh if I I the one mistake cuz I did I
had a lot of success great economy great
everything everything was great we the
military we rebuilt it biggest tax cuts
in history all this stuff we did we had
a great presidency uh three Supreme
Court Justices most people get none you
know you pick them young this way
they're there for 50 years right so you
know even if a president is there for
eight years often times they never have
a chance I had three it was sort of the
luck of the draw but
uh I I will say that it always comes
back to the same
answer the biggest mistake I made was I
picked some people I picked some great
people you know but you don't think
about that I picked some people that I
shouldn't have picked I picked a few
people that I shouldn't have picked and
neocons yeah neocons or bad people or
disloyal people or people that were just
people that were into the got bad advice
yeah I mean look I mean you reading
about them a little little bit today a
guy like Kelly who is a bully a bully
but a weak a weak person you know you
know more about bullies than anybody
probably around cuz you deal in a a
certain sport where the bullies are
exposed very quickly yeah but you know
uh he's bad uh Bolton was an idiot but
he was great for me because I'd go in
with a guy like a John Bolton you know
John Bolton a friend of mine called
called me up I was picking Bolton and
he's a very smart guy his name is Phil
Ruff and he's a very rich guy from Las
Vegas one of the he a great card player
he doesn't play cards but he's a great
play you know he's just a natural got
poker sense right you know the good old
poker sense and Phil Ruffin is is a very
very wise kind of a guy and very one of
the richest people around and has had
great success and understands people so
it was in that I was picking Bolton or I
picked Bolton he called up he said don't
pick him well he's a bad guy I've now he
wasn't in politics at all he in various
businesses he said he's a bad guy he's
just it always works out bad with that
guy I said oh man I wish you told me
this two weeks ago I already hired him
you know he's here and and he was right
but but he was good in a certain way
he's a nut job and every time I had to
deal with the country when they saw this
wack job standing behind me they said oh
man Trump's going to go to war with him
this he was with Bush when they went
stupidly into the Middle East they
should have never done it I used to say
it as a civilian so I always got more
publicity than other people and I didn't
it wasn't like I was trying in fact I
don't know exactly why maybe you can
tell me when I could definitely tell you
he said a lot of wild
maybe maybe he said a lot of wild
and then CNN in their all their
brilliance by highlighting your wild
made you much more popular yeah and
they boosted you in the PO cuz people
were tired of someone talking in this
pre-prepared politician lingo
and even if they didn't agree with you
they at least knew whoever that guy is
that's him that's really him when you
see certain people talk certain people
in the public eye you don't know who
they are you have no idea who they are
it's very difficult to know you see them
in conversations they have these
pre-planned answers they say everything
it's very rehearsed you never get to the
meat of it what the one of the beautiful
things about you is that you free ball
like you get out and you do these huge
events and you're just talking and
you're making we we've highlighted you
on the show many times where when you
did this Biden impression where he's
walking around he doesn't know what he's
doing it's funny it's it's standup it's
funny stuff but it's like you and you
were making fun of Elon one time you
doing an Elon impression it's great you
you have like comedic instincts like
when you said to Hillary you'd be in
jail like that's great timing yeah but
it's like that kind of stuff was unheard
of as a politician like no one had done
that and I think you know what's funny
you need at least the attitude of a
comedian when you're doing this business
this is a very dangerous business first
of so it's a very tough business when
it's the most dangerous business the
most well for for a job yes I mean other
than going to war and being a
firefighter or being a cop it's the most
dangerous business the most dangerous
being president is the most dangerous
especially you I mean you haven't even
got to the election there's been two
assassinations attempts and they've
brushed those out of the news like it
was nothing yeah they'd rather not talk
about them imagine if there was
assassination attempts on Biden how hard
people would be attacking the right how
they would be trying to get guns taken
away from people they would try to ramp
up gun laws they would try to figure out
some way to blame you if there was a tax
on if Biden got shot in the ear we would
have never heard the end of it but I
think he's in good shape because it's
only consequential presidents if you
take a look at what's happened look I'm
for having countries pay us billions and
billions and trillions even dollars I
took in hundreds of billions of dollars
from China nobody took in 10 cents not
one other president I do things that
make it I mean that don't necessarily
make me so popular I just do what's
right and when you do that you know
you're more look at look at Iran Iran we
would have never had the attack on
Israel at all Iran was broke I told
China if you buy you can't do business
in the United States under any cir I was
going to we going to go cold turkey with
China some people think that would have
been a good idea anyway but if you buy
any oil one barrel of oil from them
you're not doing business I said that to
many countries Iran was broke they had
no money for Hezbollah they had no money
for Hamas they had no but I make myself
you know I mean I understand what I'm
doing you make yourself a Target and
it's a very dangerous business but if
you just look it
statistically so I I said I saw thing I
don't know if it's right but 1/10th of
1% for a race car driver yeah it's
pretty dangerous business right yeah uh
one1 of 1% for a bull rider I I tell you
to me talk these guys that ride the
Bulls is worse than UFC is worse these
guys you see these big monster bulls and
you see it in slow motion where the the
foot is like you know an inch away from
the head if it hits him the guy's gun
but they die you know they die so one/
tenth of 1% die what you're saying yeah
one tenth of 1% die right and they
certainly get hurt badly really mean
they can't walk after a certain period
of time but but with the president if
you look at the amount of assassination
and attempts too and attempts no it's a
very dangerous position I never thought
of that by the way when I did it I you
know you don't you don't tend to I did
you just assume because people loved you
on The Apprentice they were going to
love you as a president think it would
be so easy you know it's probably would
have been if the media didn't attack you
the way they did if they didn't conflate
you with Hitler I mean even today like K
was talking about you and Hitler you're
they're going to take what you said
about Robert E Lee oh Donald Trump
Wishes the South one that's right he
loves Robert they love to take things
out of context and distort things but
well they they don't even have to take
them out they make them up entirely okay
they but you know it's interesting when
you mentioned the uh the I was very
popular and and all those people love me
I mean this uh some of these these women
they're so they're so stupid and joy she
would every time she'd see me like I'd
be in the theater or something and she
you have to be on the show again come on
come on let's go we have to she loved
you she Lov me that episode where people
should watch that episode just to see
what we're talking about like I said we
don't want to get a copyright strike so
we're not going to put it up but if you
watch the episode it's bananas it's like
an alternative universe and it's only
who n years ago whoopy loved loved you
gives you a hug and a kiss and how about
that other one the new one on there the
uh the one from my Administration she
writes me a letter the greatest
president she leaves you know she worked
as like an assistant press secretary I
hardly knew her but she leaves and she
writes me this gorgeous letter what's
her name she was uh I don't even know
you know she anyway she was in the
administration she's on now currently
sits on the far right hand side whatever
the hell her name is and and she writes
a letter the most beautiful letter she's
quoted in the paper he's a consequential
he was the greatest president blah blah
blah then all of a sudden she goes to
view and she said hitting the hell out
of me because they won't hire unless
I've had many people go on CNN and they
call said I don't know what to do what
they want to pay me a lot but I have to
be negative and knew I said be negative
that's okay there are guys on like CNN
they won't hire them Shawn Duffy is a
you know congressman and he retired he
got a good job with CNN but he was only
positive about Trump so they kept him
but they would never put him on I mean I
respect what he did he could have gone
you know negative I tell people go
negative you know let my friends make
the money well it's so crooked the Press
is so crooked CR it's crooked but it's
also they're diminishing themselves
they're they they are they're killing
all their credibility and it's opening
up the credibility to New Media it's
opening up the credibility to
Independent Media all these the worst
I've ever seen though and I've seen the
worst I mean I've been a part of it I've
been I've seen the worst kamla goes on
60 Minutes gave an answer that a child
wouldn't give it was so bad in 60
minutes
took the answer out they took the whole
and they put another answer in they
edited it deceptively which didn't make
sense either but it was better they took
the well it wasn't editing it was fraud
yeah this was not editing you know
editing is where I'll give an answer and
they'll take a couple of words and
change them around or they might even
take a sentence or two off which is very
bad but that's it's sort of bad you know
I'd give an answer which was a very good
answer I always talk about you know I
like to give long The Weave you know I
like to you like to weave things in yeah
but when you do the weaves and you have
to be very smart to do weaves when you
do the weave look at this just in this
one thing we're talking about little
pieces here but always ends up no no it
comes back home for the right people for
the wrong people it doesn't come back
home when they end up in the wilderness
right but but they can take my answer
and you know what they may take a little
piece of it out or something and they
use the term yes we want to save time
well it's not but I've never heard I
think it's the biggest scandal in
broadcast history what happened to C CBS
so you have CBS 60 minutes that's a news
program it's not an entertainment
program it's under their news it's the
head of their news thing she gives an
answer that was that shows that she's
essentially
incompetent and they took the answer
could you imagine them doing that for me
we can show it if you want people to see
it can we show it no we get in trouble
we'll get copyright strike okay I'll
listen anyone can find it but it's it's
drastic but what was interesting was the
other full
version was available initially it was
like a preview they somebody made a big
mistake somebody put that preview out
there put the preview out and then the
bosses did this or that and then all of
a sudden they said we got a problem ex
exactly and then they got caught by
mistake well you but don't you think
that's a bit to me and don't forget this
is election interference and fraud and
it's 60 minutes it's their news division
so they it's a big deal they give those
licenses out Joe for free they should
pay for Fortune they're worth a fortune
they give them out for free because
they're using the public Airwaves with
cable you don't have that Cable's
different but you know it it's just a
different deal but with the networks
they give those license they're worth
billions of dollars they give them out
free but you have to be honest and all
that was bad I think that David mure and
that woman that was aside I never even
heard of her but they kept interrupting
me it was like I said how many people am
I debating here I got this one and I got
you two but he went after me 11
different times you know it's
interesting I always thought he was a
nice guy but he's just like the rest of
him you know well that's his job
unfortunately and I'm I'm sure they want
you're right well the problem was they
fact checked you and they didn't fact
check her and one of most egregious
examples of that was when she said that
there is there are no troops right now
deployed in war zones there's a very
famous viral video that went online of
troops in a war zone saying well what
the are we then because there's
thousands of them Dan khaw the
congressman uh posted on his Instagram
all of the various examples of troops
that are deployed thousands and
thousands of troops that are currently
deployed stupidly deployed but the point
is if this is going to be an actual real
debate and not a propaganda exercise if
it's going to be a real debate you have
to fact check everybody like if someone
says maybe she thought there was no
which is also a problem so it's one of
two things it's either it was not true
was a lie on purpose which is terrible
or it was the opposite it was ignorance
which is also terrible well you when I
said crime is soaring he said no no
crime has gone down I said where did you
hear that one crime has gone down I mean
I'm debating with this guy but I've had
that well there was amended FBI
statistics that came out after that that
showed the crime had gone up
substantially and by the way the
statistics were a fraud because when
they put out the statistics they didn't
include some of the worst places they
didn't include some of the worst cities
some of the most deadly places but when
the real numbers came out I turned out
to be right but I haven't you turn out
to be right but then there's another
problem unreported crime is way up
because people have lost look the morale
that the police department has in a lot
of these cities where they've done this
defund the police these the
morale these poor cops it's
horrible it's the dumbest idea of all
time but what they've done is they've
they've made these cops feel terrible
like good cops I think cops are just
like everybody else most of them are
great it's like everybody else but if
you run into one Carpenter and he does a
shitty job in your house you say
Carpenters suck but they don't
suck most of them are great and that's
the with cops but the point is like they
they did all of these things in this
very foolish way and these cops are
suffering the consequences of it and so
subsequently what happens is a lot of
crime is unreported a lot of crime like
you call the cops they're too busy they
can't even get you or your house got
broken into sorry you know it doesn't
even make a report there's a lot of
people that they just give up it's so
sad what's happened and I'll tell you
what uh I go to police funerals and we
went to one in Long Island I visited the
family in Long Island a very big deal
it's so dangerous people don't realiz
the car dark Windows pull over he's a
gentleman please pull over door opens
guy comes out
firing even if they were allowed to pull
out their gun which they're not they
can't you know pull out time they still
wouldn't have time it's every cop's
worst nightmare it they open a door and
he was killed and his partner was hurt
he was killed and you don't have I mean
you don't even have an eighth of a
second to think and it is such a
dangerous job that in particular think
of it you go up to a car you don't know
who's sitting there with a gun and if
they have a gun you really don't have a
chance you're not allowed to have your
gun out by the way you have they have
very strict rules so number one there're
but even if you could have your gun out
the door opens and a guy and bullets
start firing out you know and especially
where they have the dark Windows where
they have the darkened Windows it is
such a dangerous POS uh profession and
it's very hard to get cops now because
they they're not given any backup and
you're right you can you know they have
like an eighth of a second to make a
decision that's going to change their
life if they make the wrong decision
they're going to end up on the front
page of every newspaper in in the
country and they're going to lose their
house and their pension and their their
job and their wife is going to be gone
and everything's going to be gone abely
and there here's another thing that
people don't talk about how many of them
have PTSD probably most of them these
guys are seeing people shot all the time
you know I I've talked to a ton of cops
about it and you know a lot of cops
commit suicide a lot of cops are deeply
depressed a lot of but we have to give
them back their dignity we have to we
can't we just have to give them back you
said it's so good you you never hear so
anybody say that you're never going to
have it perfect you're going to have a
bad apple in everything every profession
but every time there's a bad apple that
gets massive publicity and it it taints
everybody else but it's also this very
irresponsible thing where people say
defund the police get rid of the police
you know even com Harris was a part of
that that it's a it's a very stupid way
to look at it what you should do is fund
the police you should have better
training you should have cops that feel
more appreciated you do you should have
some something that helps mitigate this
PTSD that all of them suffer through
right she was a big part of defund the
police that was a big thing for her
defund the police always to fund the
police well was it's a political idea
but any anybody with that political
thought I don't think should be running
for president and I think people are
getting wise to it you know we're doing
pretty well now I don't know maybe in a
week from now say sorry about that I was
wrong but we're leading everything and I
think we're going to have a very good
election but I tell because people are
starting to get to know her but she was
defund the police she was all these
transgender operations you know if you
wanted a sex change and you were in
detention and you demanded a sex change
they would give you a sex change well
the wildest one is this idea of giving
free sex change to illegal immigrants
that's right in detention that is the
wildest thing is that the biggest
problem you have you just walked here
from Guatemala you need to become a girl
but she was in favor of it so so think
of it she was now she changed she
changed 15 policies in fact I'm going to
send her a Maga cap she stole your idea
about no tax for tips
I I came up with this idea that honestly
nobody ever heard of and all now it took
her two months but you know what all of
a sudden it what caught fire and she
just put it into a little speech yeah
well I think we have I think we still
have that issue I think that issue is a
good one for us but um no we have a lot
of good issues you know we had the the
other day think of how simple some of
these things are we're trying to get
cars built in the United States Detroit
has been really tough It's been a
disaster they have a huge Factory a huge
car auto plant being built by China in
Mexico make cars sell them in the United
States put everybody out of business
right here we go again I said if that
plant is there when I'm president I will
put 100 or 200% tariffs on every car
they'll be unsalable in the United
States and they just announced they're
not going to build the plant because
they think I'm going to win think of it
they're not going to build the plant
this was the biggest plant in the world
it would have more than all of Michigan
makes that's how big you know this is
what we're getting to and I said if that
plan goes up I want them to understand
if I win I'm going to tax those cars at
the rate of a 100 or 200% of piece so
that you won't be able to sell them in
the United States they just announced
they're not going to build a plan yeah I
read that I did a big favor for our
country by doing that and I'm not even
there yet to me the most beautiful word
and I've said this for the last couple
of weeks in the dictionary today and any
is the word tariff it's more beautiful
than love it's more beautiful than
anything it's the most beautiful word
this country can become rich with the
use the proper use of tariffs it'll keep
did you just float out the idea of
getting rid of income taxes and
replacing it with tariffs well okay were
we serious about that our yeah sure why
not because we ready our country was the
richest in the relatively in the 1880s
and
1890s a president who was assassinated
named McKinley he was the Tariff King he
spoke beautifully of terce his his
language was really beautiful uh we will
not allow the enemy to come in and take
our jobs and take our factories and take
our workers and take our families unless
they pay a big price and the big price
is tariffs and he'd speak like that but
he was right and then around in the
early 1900s they switched over stupidly
to frankly an income tax and you know
why because countries were putting a lot
of pressure in America we don't want to
pay tariffs please don't you you know
they believe me they control our
politicians if you look at the kind of
numbers that these guys make then and
now but we had a commission meeting in
the uh 18 I think it was 1887 think of
this problem we were so rich we had so
much money we didn't know what to do so
they set up a blue ribbon Commission on
tariffs and the sole purpose is what to
do with all the money we had we were so
rich because we were taxing other people
for coming in and taking our jobs and
China does it that's what China did if
you want to open a factory and sell cars
if you build a factory or have a factory
they don't take our cars they they
wouldn't take our cars but if you build
a plant in China you can do that Elon
did that by the way Elon is great that
guy is such a great guy I think you're a
fan of he is from a different planet
he's the greatest guy that rocket coming
in I talk I'm I'm I told the story once
or twice so you may have heard it
because his speeches have been good did
you see the one last night yeah 29,000
people that was a and the one the night
before was the same thing we are we are
rocking and rolling but but Elon and I'm
talking to this very important guy I
said wait a minute I'm looking at
something the television's on muted
right and I see just rocket it's all
Brown from the heat you know like 10,000
Dees pouring down at thousands of miles
an hour and I see this thing you know
it's like a 20 story building and it
catches and I say to this guy's an
important guy wait a minute let me just
put you to hold it I got to see this and
I see this and and it's going to crash I
say it's going to crash into the Gantry
they call it a Gantry I said oh man
that's got to be a disaster cuz it's
starting to get very close and then all
of a sudden you see the flames in the
bottom
and it boom and then you see the two
arms grab it crazy and I forgot the guy
I had him on the phone I forgot no I
said the hell with no I called Elon I
said was that you he said that was me
and I said who else can do that he said
nobody Russia can't do it the United
States nobody can do it you know I set
up space force that was me and that's
the first time in 82 years that we
opened another Branch since the Air
Force and that's going to be one of our
most important things but think of what
Elon does and he did one other thing
that I never heard of it it's uh
starlink I went down to North Carolina
Georgia the different places right I
followed it right down and they had no
communication the polls were all knocked
down every and one of the guys in North
Carolina said could you do me a favor do
you know Elon Musk yes he endorsed me by
the way he gave me the nicest
endorsement to this the tougher he said
the country's going to fail you should
do the same thing Joe because you cannot
be voting for Kamala
Kamala you're not a Kamala person I know
you I've watched you I know him better
than he you know what without speaking
to you I think I know you maybe almost
as well as your wife I have watched you
for so many years you're not a Kamala
person you're a kabib person but you're
not a Kamala person no nobody's going to
know who khabib is but oh they know who
he was he was not he was not bad right
that guy oh he was phenomenal but that's
your kind of your weave is getting wide
we're getting wide with this weave I
want to bring it back to ter but wait
one sec before we finished with tariffs
I just so they said they said could you
get him we need starlink and I call Elon
he got it for him so fast saved so many
lives and I said how was it they said
better than the wires you know they
couldn't put them in they were all they
were all gone so getting I used it
recently in Utah in the mountains did
you find it good oh it's phenomenal it's
the size of a like a iPad you just set
it down on the ground you get highspeed
internet it's incredible we're spending
just to show you we're spending a
trillion dollars to get tables all over
the country right up to Upstate areas
where you have like two farms and
they're spending millions of dollars to
have talk about the 42 billion doll that
was wasted on this Internet access
program the United they didn't get
anybody access inter they haven't hooked
up one person yet not one person they
spent $42 billion they could have gotten
starlinks to everybody with that kind of
money for almost nothing yeah for a
monthly charge and it would have been
incredible and it's high speed internet
everywhere you want to go and he wanted
to do that and he wanted to do it how
about this they they built uh the
charger stations right in the Midwest
Midwest they built eight of them they
cost billion dollar that's like a gas
pump right they built nine gas pumps
except electricity comes out they spent
n billion three of them don't work the
whole thing there's so much waste I
could I could sit here and tell you
about things that that there's so much
waste abuse and fraud oh there's yeah
I'm I'm sure I mean I think everybody's
aware of that now let's get back to ter
when when you're talking about one of
the criticisms of your Administration
was with tax cuts and with tariffs you
increase the
deficit so was the Strate what was the
strategy behind that and did you think
it was going to increase the deficit uh
by a substantial amount I okay we were
ready to Ruck it was all you know I had
a bad system we had horrible tax policy
I made it great with a much lower tax
rate so I took it from almost 40% down
to
21% now I'm bringing it from 21 down to
15 but only if you make your product in
the United States which is great people
call me they said what a great idea
nobody ever heard of that before I don't
care if they make the product in Japan
why should I give them so it's a 21 that
at 21 in the first year we took in much
more Revenue than we did at almost 40
think of that it inspired now we had
other things too we we were able to get
people to bring back their money you
couldn't you couldn't bring back your
money if you had money in Europe like
apple apple had many billions of dollars
outside they couldn't bring it there was
no way to bring it back in uh the
bureaucracy the documents the whole
thing and also the tax was too high you
know they wanted like half of it or
something nobody's going to do that so
they they leave their money in Japan and
and they spend their money there that
was part of what I did the money came
pouring back in apple took in hundreds
of billions of dollars they brought it
back from overseas they brought it in so
how does the deficit increase because of
that so what happened is this we were
ready to rock and roll and then we had
the co thing and we had to focus on that
and if we didn't give some businesses a
hand that would have all you would have
had a depression like in
1929 but we were ready to start we were
going to we would have very shortly been
paying off debt you know we have $35
trillion in debt
and I'll never forget it we were it was
talking about uh from you know the
standpoint of being in office I'm in the
Oval Office and I have John McLaughlin
and Fabrizio they're two very good
pollsters probably I don't know I would
say the two best who knows but very good
pollsters and we're starting to think
about running for a second term and we
had the greatest economy in history
never has there been an economy like and
you attribute that to lowering taxes tff
two things and also I cut regulations
more than anybody
else and if I asked many of the
businessmen you know from the big
companies you know the guys running the
big companies I'd say so if you had your
choice you've had it now for a long time
what's more important to you the tax
cuts you paid less tax or the regulation
Cuts every one of them said the
regulation Cuts meant more who would
think that right because you don't
equate it to dollars but it actually is
more dollars um we had going and then we
just had to focus on something else but
they were sitting there these two these
two pollsters were sitting there and
they said sir if George Washington came
back and Abraham Lincoln was his VP as
opposed to waltz how bad is he by the
way but if Abraham Lincoln was his VP
they couldn't beat you you have and I'll
never forget it the following day they
said something's happening in China sir
could we meet I said what's happening
people are dying and it was all around
the Wuhan lab by the way there are
pictures with little lines their body
bags all around the Wuhan lab and I
always said that from the beginning Joe
was you know they tried to say first
they said it was France and you know
they blamed everybody but then they say
it was bats from a cave 2,000 miles away
so we got hit with that and despite that
we had the best economy and when I gave
it over the stock market was higher than
it was preo I mean nobody could even
believe it but we saved it and we were
helping businesses they were dying you
know they were D so it's your belief
that if you had a second term given the
policies in place the way the economy
was booming that you would have been
able to pay off a lot of the debt and
that we didn't have Co we would have
been paying off debt and we would have
had and don't forget by growth the word
growth is actually more important in a
way because you could have the same debt
but if you double your growth all of a
sudden you're under levered but still we
should pay off debt you know if you view
this um $35 trillion right now it's a
lot but if you look at the asset value
if you looked at it purely as an asset
value we have oil underground we have
water we have mountains we have the I
mean the assets are so enormous but
regardless of that we've got 35 trillion
in debt we should pay it off and we
would have started paying off debt and
probably even giving further given
further tax reductions I want to get it
down to 15% we're going to do more
business but when you get hit with a CO
everything stops and you have to keep
these businesses alive the businesses
were dying I mean they were just dying
this whole place this country was going
to die are there influences um outside
of environmental that keep people from
wanting to drill for oil and Frack and
and do those sort of things outside of
the environmental concerns which are
legitimate of course no I but are there
other influences that maybe over
accentuate or OV exaggerate these
environmental effects are are people
being influenced in a way where they're
trying to keep us from producing
American Oil yeah yeah so the
environmental is the biggest tool for
stopping growth the biggest tool the
other is
regulation and if you speak to Elon he
to the regulation now to send a rocket
up to anywhere even if you do everything
it's it's almost it's becoming
impossible but they use environmental in
order to get people not to do anything
and sometimes I say you know I look at
some of the I know the environmental
stuff better because I had to build
buildings in New York I had to build I
had to do environmental impact studies
and I would see some of these guys that
i' hire for a lot of money
environmentalists that would get you
through the process and they' be up in
Albany that's the capital of New York
and they're up they're trying to make it
tougher for guys like me that were
Builders because they'd get ba paid more
money in other words I I had one guy uh
highly recommended all you know I was
good at getting permits I was one of the
kings of I was always very good but the
environmental stuff was always horrible
they could slow a project down 10 years
15 years I had a project in Louisiana
built big LG plant it was uh for 14
years it was going to cost1 18 million
$18 billion one of the biggest like the
Empire State Building laying down on the
side times four massive in the coast on
the Gulf
Coast and they said sir are they're
going to give it up I said that they
shouldn't give it up what's the problem
they can't get their environmental they
had environmental permits that would
fill this whole room up to the ceiling
and they said there was one mistake on
one little line they wanted to do it all
over again it's not going to happen and
I got them their permit instantly and
they built the plant it's massive so
when you're saying that so there's
there's people that are making money by
making it difficult are you talking
about lawyers because they're dring
about environmental consultants and
lawyers environmental Consultants profit
off of dragging out the process
absolutely and process worse how do they
i' probably do the same thing about with
them to be honest with you you I want to
be honest with you how do they do that
how do they make it they go let's say
New York they go to Albany okay and they
convince people that if you have a
certain type of plant on the ground
that's this big and in theory valous
that it's a rare plant and you cannot
ever even touch it you can't go near it
you can't put a building on it you can't
do anything or there's a little puddle
and they call it a lake and you have to
go by the standards of a lake I said no
no that's a puddle oh you have no idea
guys are filling a little puddle
you have no idea what they do and they
use it as a way to stop you they use it
as a way to stop you and also as the way
to generate money I'm I'm curious how
how are they generating money that way
though well they get fees they get fees
massive fees and you pay these guys
people rely on them as experts because
they're the people that they go to when
they have to run these studies in the
first place but some of them are just
bad guys and they're trying to make it
more and more difficult and they have a
lot of power uh yeah I I think they
maybe had more they didn't have as much
with me because because I would get
through them and I understood it look
I've had I've done so many envir they
call it environmental impact study I did
so much to build a building to build a
building in New York is very tough you
got to be very you got to deal with
think of it financing
unions uh all the municipal stuff
environmental of all of it to me the
toughest thing was the environmental
because they could stop you cold with
the environmental impact study stuff and
and you deal you hire a so-called expert
they say sir he's the one guy he can get
you through the morass it's a morass
it's horrible they use it as a weapon
they use it all over the country right
but there are legitimate concerns about
environmental impact correct like look
about the BP oil spill there's a lot of
things that do happen that are
environmentally devastating and you want
to mitigate that as much as possible you
do look I I had during our four years we
had the cleanest air in the cleanest
water I view it differently I say air
and water remember this it costs much
more to do things environmentally clean
China doesn't do anything right when
Carrie goes to see uh president Chia
China which he probably doesn't even get
to see him but they look at him oh yes
yes we will do oh yes yes we're going to
do that no more coal no more coal just
and then they approve 58 coal plants for
the next you know every they build a
coal plant a week okay they build a lot
of coal plants we but let me just say
though so here we are cleaning and
scrubbing everything and everything
the's got to be pure but in 3.8
days that stuff floating over China is
right over the top of us right same
thing with the oceans they dump their
garbage into the Pacific Ocean if you
take a little Cork and put it there in
about a week and a half it'll be in
front of Los
Angeles we're picking up their garbage
so nobody ever talks about that but in a
way the bigger one is even the air it's
occurrence it's an amazing thing it's
been flowing that way for a million
years so long before we share with the
whole world yeah no if we're the Sahara
dust clouds over here absolutely we get
dust clouds in Austin from the Sahara
desert but we get the China you know
they call it the China curse we get the
China curse they're better and their air
is dirty you know when I went there uh I
had a great relationship with President
she we got along very well and they
treated me better than anybody has ever
been treated same thing with Saudi
Arabia number of them but they laid it
out and I said this air is good do you
know they closed every Factory one week
before I got there from within 200 miles
that's like what Gavin Nome did when XI
Jing ping came to San Francisco he
cleaned it up he got rid of all the
terrible in away to think you know he
cleaned it up and then it became a pigi
well the dumbest thing is he said when
your friends come by when you have
visitors you clean up your house
like how about just keep your
house clean can you imagine that's the
dumbest thing I've ever heard anybody
say ever as a governor as to excuse to
why you finally cleaned up your homeless
problem and the day he left right back
to it went right back yeah but in a way
that was a bad thing that he did because
he
showed what a disgrace that was what a
disgrace well this is the thing that
like shows you how foolish a lot of
these people that are running these
cities think a lot of these people that
are running these states think it's it's
foolish like you you're insulting the
intelligence of the people that live in
that City that are impacted by these
people just camping and needles and
human feces there's a an app that you
can buy there's an app that you can get
rather that will show you where the
human feces has been documented in San
Francisco it's a poo app and it's just
everywhere it's just bum crap everywhere
but let let me give you one that you may
not know okay which I think you know
everything actually as a student as a
student of yours
but but water you know in Los Angeles
you can't get proper amounts of water
right and it's unbelievably expensive
and you might have a house in Beverly
Hills and they're actually thinking
about rationing water can you believe it
I can believe it I was in I was in the
farm Court country with some of the
congressmen were driving up a highway
and I say how come all this land is
so Barren it's farmland and it looked
terrible it was just Brown and bad I
said but there's always that little
corner that's so green and beautiful
they said we have no water I said do you
have a drought no we don't have a
drought I said why don't you have no
water because the water isn't allowed to
flow down it's got a natural flow from
Canada all the way up North water more
water than they could ever use and in
order to protect a tiny little fish uh
the Water up north gets routed into the
Pacific Ocean millions of millions of
gallons of water gets poured you get to
see this we're driving up and I had
never seen it before it's the most it's
like Iowa it's the most fertile land
Iowa was blessed with great land Idaho
for a potato right but these they
they're just by the way you know some
land is good for a potato some land is
good for corn it's the craziest thing I
love the farmers that great they're the
greatest and by the way they're getting
killed right now they they're getting
killed because of this stupid
Administration but so I see this and I
said you got to be kidding
I said you mean you have water and I
looked at it it's like a valve in your
sink except it's massive the thing's
five times taller than your ceiling did
you know the center of California was a
giant
Lake they have so much water you ever
see what it looks like before they
rerouted saw that the center of
California like what is it 200 years ago
how long ago did they do that Jamie the
the center of California had a
enormous Lake in the middle of
California so they dumped it into the
Pacific who knows what they did but what
whatever foolishness that they did led
to the situation that they're in now
think of those dry forests that burn
down all over the you know the head of
Austria said t lake or Tachi Lake uh
it's a freshwater lake in the Southern
sanen Valley United States historically
uh T Lake was one of the largest
freshwater lakes West of Mississippi
show a photo of what it looked like back
then it's a great system so that's what
it looked like look at that image now
the one go to the one on the third from
the right yeah yeah that was an enormous
Lake in the middle of California imagine
that that' be much more valuable
property how crazy is that but how crazy
is that's what it used to look like and
human beings screwed that up no they let
it go into the Pacific and then they I
don't know what they did what did they
do that why did how did it go missing
said they drained 83 yeah they drained
it
19 1983 oh my God it went dry a hand
full of times oh went dry a handful of
times well you know Lakes do go dry but
that's a big one but think of it big one
to go you could have all of the water
you need all of that land would have
more water the whole thing could be like
that little patch lit literally I'd say
I was with Devon nun as a congressman
and other Congressman we were going up I
was visiting that because they asked me
to go up and visit their territory and I
did but I kept saying look at this land
it's beautiful but it's so dry and I
thought they were going through like a
desert like a drought they said no we
have water but it gets so I looked into
it what is the fish and I got it done I
got got it done I could have water for
all of that land water for your Forest
you know your forests are dry as a bone
okay dangerous that water could be
routed you know you could have
everything oh not only dangerous
billions of dollars a year they spend on
forest fires and you know there's a case
with the environment they're not allowed
to rake their Forest because you're not
allowed to touch it when a tree foils
down after 18 months it becomes very dry
it's like you know like real firewood
it's bad you know a tree that's these
are all things I learned the hard way
the easy way but when a tree is up it
sucks water it's wet I went to that the
hor they had a couple of horrible forest
fires in California and I went I said
you know you got a lot of trees standing
yday were healthy trees sir I said with
this intense heat they you could see
they were charred a little bit on the
bottom but they were going to be all
right because they're soaking wet
because they suck up the water right but
when they fall right they're like you
know it's like lighting a match yeah and
you got to be able to clean they call
maintain your Forest so I was with the
head of Austria he said you know it's a
shame I see all those forest fires in
California and all they have to do is
clean their Forest meaning rake it up
get rid of the leaves get rid of you
know leaves that are sitting there for
five years and then we certainly get rid
of the Dead Fall and get rid of the
trees that have fallen that you know are
like uh so many things this country by
the way could you really R the whole
Forest though I don't think you could
rake the whole Forest I think you get
rid of the deadall but raking all the Le
you could certainly get rid of the Dead
okay they the real you know
environmentally they don't want to do
that they don't they said you know it's
got to be nature and all the stuff but
in the meantime this is exactly but you
could have so it was the Department of
Commerce that needed the approvals but
Gavin news had a sign them I got it all
done nobody could believe it it was all
done I said I got it you got so much
water all you have to do is sign and
that guy didn't want to sign did he not
want to sign because that would be a
political victory for you I think no he
didn't no I don't think so he you know
he used to say he's a great president
and we got along we did we actually got
along at that point but I think somebody
said uh you just can't continue to call
him a great president you know they they
do say that but we had it all done he
didn't sign and then we got on to other
things and I I every time I go to
California said you have so much water
they don't know it I'm telling you
people living in Beverly Hills they turn
off the water same thing with the
electric they want to go to all electric
cars but they have brownouts every
weekend you know well right after they
made the announcement that as of 2035
you're not going to be able to buy an
internal combustion engine in California
like within a month they had some
announcement asking people to not charge
their
Teslas cuz the grid couldn't handle it
well how are you I will terminate the
Mandate immediately just a mandate that
will be done I would say in my first day
maybe days because you know it's let me
ask you about nuclear um one one of the
things that when I've talked to people
that uh have a real understanding of
nuclear power they what their position
is it's probably the cleanest safest
form of electricity that we could
generate and that the fears of nuclear
power are really about a few disasters
the Fukushima through Mile Island um
that that these These are old systems
and that they could they're much more
capable now and they're cap making even
better systems but it's a difficult
political issue because you think
nuclear power you think Chernobyl that's
what everybody does they have this
connection they had the
potential or Fukushima where you're not
supposed to enter the land for 3,000
years or something it's I think it's
worse than that I think that area is
like going to be radioactive for
probably longer than you could imagine
but the the point is they're better at
it now right and that they could do it
now and you can generate power in a way
that you don't have to worry about these
one of the most ridiculous things is
electric cars being powered by Coal
Fired plants it's a ridiculous thing
that's what's happening yeah that is
what's happening and people want to
think they're being green you know but
it's well if that you look at the way
the battery is made but here's the other
thing we don't have well we do actually
it's being held you know we have certain
areas where we have great raw Earth
material and we're not allowed to use it
because of the environment and we have
areas in California that have incredible
raw Earth and they're not allowing and
I'm going to open it up I'm going to let
them use it but how do you do that how
do you do that and protect the
environment because the environment is
going to be protected you can do it you
can make a lake out of it okay we'll put
back a lake I mean something nice about
Lakes you can do things
magnificently you just have to do it
carefully respons absolutely you have to
do it carefully but the problem you know
China has all of those areas most of
those areas and yet when they say go
electric with the cars China is going to
be the one that gives us the cars all of
those guys in Detroit are going to be
out of business you're going to make
your electric cars over there we have a
thing called gasoline and we have more
oil and gas under our feet than any
other Nation you know I had uh in Alaska
there's a find it's called anoir I got
it approved Reagan couldn't get it
nobody could get it I got it all done it
was amazing they were getting ready to
start drilling the equivalent they think
of Saudi Arabia one of the biggest vines
in the world it was all set to go and
Biden comes in his one of his first
orders were we're not going to use it it
would have been so good for the we could
have supplied all of Asia with oil and
gas what was the what was the negative
and you talk about money right uh the
negative was politically they didn't
think it was good for them that's all
that's all it was so you don't think
that it's environmentally dangerous
taking it from way down deep in the
earth environmentally would have been
fine so it can be done responsibly
absolutely otherwi prot the environment
well I think windmills okay so they talk
about wind I think windmills are really
disruptive when you talk about the
environment they kill the birds you want
to see a bird Cemetery go under a
windmill someday that hasn't been
cleaned out with all the bird carcasses
you it's like massive amounts of bir
there a massive iore I I went to a ranch
in South Texas we had to drive past this
enormous windmill farm and it's gross
it's dystopian you're you're looking in
the left and the right all he seees
these big spinning machines that aren't
even that effective at generating
electricity corre most expensive form of
electricity is a windmill and then they
start to rust and rot and you have to
then they get abandoned by the people
that built them because well you have to
get rid of all that material too when
you replace those blades now you have a
problem because you have dispose right
you have to dispose these enormous
windmills and how they say you can't
bury them so I even question that but
I'm not going to get into it but they
say you can't bury the blades so you
have the blades and you can't bury the
blades you can bury the blades it's not
going to matter he can bury you'll find
areas you can bury but they come up this
is what I mean they come up with this
but the environmentalist dream is
windmills everyone you know what happens
to them after 5 years they start to rot
after 10 years you have to replace them
did you ever look at certain parts of
California where they have heavy
windmills and they've been abandoned and
they're all different manufacturers and
all different companies and they all
Haven seen that it is the ugliest thing
it looks like a graveyard almost a
graveyard of windmills uh it's pollution
bad it's it is it's it's no different
than leaving garbage on the ground how
about in New Jersey off the coast of New
Jersey they want to build the people are
going crazy not to build them but we you
have them the whales are washing up on
shore right so in 50 years they had one
whale come ashore now they had like 18
come in the last year what is the what
what is happening with the whales I've
read about this well they say that the
wind drives them crazy you know it's a
vibration because you have those you
know those things are 50 story building
some of them right and they're super
sensitive to vibrations they you know
the wind is rushing the things are
blowing it's a vibration and it makes
noise you know what it is I want to be a
whale psychiatrist it drives the whales
freaking crazy and something happens
with them but for whatever reason
they're getting washed up unsure and you
know and yet the environment ignored by
the envir environmentalist they don't
talk about it I think there's nothing
uglier I see it in Scotland I see it all
over the world you have this beautiful
Valley it's been there for you know in
Civilization thousands of years but
millions of years and all of a sudden
you have these ugly windmills up would
your plan to be replace that with
nuclear what Would You Do Well nuclear
is better I mean I I think there's a
little danger to nuclear but you know we
had some really bad nuclear they did one
in Alabama they did one in uh I think
South
Carolina they do them wrong they build
these massive things then the
environmentalists get in it I don't want
to go into a long story because it's too
long for the show this show is too
valuable to talk about concrete but they
have hardened concrete it's number 12
concrete it's the hardest it's harder
than steel it's incredible they put up a
wall and an inspector comes along those
nope nope you're a quarter of an inch
the wall might be 8 feet wide you're a
quarter of an inch too short I'm sorry
you got to rip down the wall you got to
because it's got to be poured
contiguously right you're one4 of an
inch I'm sorry I ripped down you can't
rip it down this stuff you can't put a
hammer through you can't it's it's
incredible concrete technology is
unbelievable what you know what's
happened you think of concrete you think
that's an example of overregulation
pointless well you have an inspector
that comes along and he says take down
a$ 25 zillion dollar W these things
ended up costing $25
billion and they one of them never got
opened but here's the story so France
does it France is largely nuclear and
they build small little compact plants
and if they need need more they build
the same thing and they hook it up and
they hook it up because they get too big
and too complex and too expensive and it
is very clean they say it's it's Absolut
you know my uncle I had a great uncle
who was a great genius just like other
members of my family but he was a
professor at MIT for I think 41 years he
was a longest show when I was in the
White House the head of MIT Princeton
and Harvard came down to me me and the
MIT person said I have a book on your
uncle Dr John Trump he was a longer
serving Professor he was a great genius
sir do you know how and he had uh he
knew everything about nuclear from math
to chemistry to nuclear he knew it and
he said someday it's going to be the way
to go but the problem is so dangerous in
terms of War he
said Donald some this was a long time
Uncle John Dr John Trump he said someday
you'll have a little Satchel at your
side and you go into a building and
you'll be able to blow up New York City
I said Uncle John that'll never happen
he's right you know he's right well that
was part of problem giving nuclear power
to other countries right like that was
the problem that happened with India and
Pakistan they got nuclear power and then
they were able to weaponize it the
biggest problem in the world today is
not global warming it's nuclear warming
and we have idiots that are negotiating
for us we have a guy that doesn't make
it past 4:00 and it's not because of age
you know they ought to I know so many
guys in their late 80s and they're
better than the I said to one guy the
other day I think you're smarter than
you were 25 years ago I've known him a
long time he's 89 years old he's sharp
as I mean he's
great Biden gives people a bad name
because that's not an old that's not an
age I think they say it because I'm
three or four years younger you know I
think that's why they say it they say
his age it's not his age he he's got a
problem major brain surgeries he did he
did those are not good operations and do
you see what he did today he went runed
towards the camera and made some apology
to na Native Americans and uh that he
said that's why he's headed out west
like he's off the reservation so to
speak for lack of a better term you know
it's interesting because during the
debate I was uh looking over I'm saying
this is strange just sort of like
strange things were happening yeah but
he couldn't keep it together but do you
think they knew he couldn't keep it
together do you think that they wanted
is that why like historically that
debate was earlier than they've been in
the past right I think they wanted to
get well there's a lot of theories a lot
of people said do the debate now and
we'll get them out right I think that
maybe could be well that is what
happened it's they also said do the
debate now and get it over with right uh
I don't think anybody thought he was
going to get out really I don't didn't
make any sense the debate the debate got
him out but but I think it's very unfair
look you have a bad debate his numbers
went down but I think she's not doing
very well right now and I think she
looks why want I get to that too because
it's hard to know like the whole poll
thing is very bizarre for most people
because most people don't answer polls
so they read the polls they're like
never I did hang up I was never called
by a PO if I did I wouldn't answer I'm
busy you know how polls are done oh I'm
going to get myself in trouble but so I
really don't believe too much in him so
well 2016 taught a lot of people about
the ineffective well they were very
ineffective because I thought I was
doing well I'd go to a place and I'd
have 30 40,000 people Hillary would go
they have 500 people and they tell me
I'm going to lose I said why am I going
to lose I had 40,000 people so she had
200 people but you know I have a theory
these pollsters they charge you a lot of
money too you know they charge you a
half a million bucks to do some stupid
poll and they interview like 251 people
I don't think they interview him in many
cases I don't want to get myself in too
much trouble think no I think
they sit there they make a deal they get
a half a million bucks and they say
Trump's leading 51 to 49 they announce
it and everybody says oh do you
understand I I don't think they I think
in a lot look I'm a very common sense
person I think that they probably don't
always Paul some of them probably never
pa uh what's the difference between 49
to 51 and 47 and a half well it's also a
tiny percentage of the population I
don't think it's representative of the
overall population I just don't think I
don't know of one person in my whole
life that ever got called by a puler
exactly that's my point so here's here's
my question but I shouldn't say that
because I'm doing very you know really
well in the polls but I think that so
this week I happen to believe in a verse
I only believe they're good no I like
them this month but no I I honestly
believe that this is probably a lot of
fraud I had a poll Washington Post ABC
in the Hillary thing on Wisconsin they
had me down 17 points the day before the
election I knew it was wrong because I
had a rally I had 29,000 people at a
racetrack and it was like Zer degrees
Wisconsin and they had me down 17 points
in other words you had no chance and I
won and I called up my pulsers good guy
good good guy and I I believe he's
legitimate and you know some of them are
some of them are I said tell me why did
they have me down so much I mean
nobody's going to believe him next time
they said they don't care when you're
down 17 points people are going to stay
home they're not going to vote because
they're going to say I love Trump but
I'm not going to waste my time it's cold
out I said but what do they make at four
or five he said at 4 or5 they're going
to go and vote at 17 they're not going
to go think of it I was s this is a
Washington Post ABC poll I was down 17
points in Wisconsin and I
won it's crooked stuff there's a lot of
crooked stuff and I wanted to talk about
that too because one of the things that
people um talk about with you is uh the
denial of the results and I think JD
Vance did a brilliant job the other day
when he was being interviewed uh and
they they asked him did Trump lose the
2020 election and he turned it around
and said was there legitimate election
interference in suppressing the hunter
Biden laptop story on social media and
was that a concerted effort well they
say make 10-point difference and I lost
by one one uh
tenth of a point is they say it was
22,000 votes but look it was much more
than that and I appreciate jdan saying
that and by the way I think he was a
great pick do you like JD as a I like
him a lot you're allowed to say that no
I do I like him a lot I think he's
brilliant guy and I think his ability to
talk like a normal human being he did
you did my friend Theo Von's podcast and
he just did it how did he do with he did
great and it he just talks like a normal
human being do is that why you called me
to do this no no
I was uh once they shot you I was like
he's got to come in here it's all about
timing it's all about the timing I think
timing's perfect do you even have a scar
on your ear you got anything on there I
do what me say say what you got so right
over here it's a tiny little Mark it
zied right there it's it healed up
pretty good well it's pretty
good yeah little it's not like uh some
of the wrestlers some of the UFC
fighters you didn't get no no it got it
was sort of like a top shot mhm the
point of the bullet was a little of the
but you see the the the thing's taken
off a little bit but uh it makes me a
tougher guy you know the fighters you
know the fighters love their you know Bo
nickel is a great fighter how's he going
to do I think he's Terri great he's a
fantastic he was almost like undefeated
in college he still yeah he's a
fantastic wrestler and one of the one of
the best Mixed Martial when is he
fighting again he's fighting in Mass
Square Garden in November oh that's
going to be an after the election yep so
I'll either go as president or I'll be
depressed and I won't bother I really
yeah I think they're having a fight
right now one of the things that was
fascinating also was uh the denial of
the election results is is a pretty
common thing Hillary Clinton famously
denied that she called you an
illegitimate president and she said that
Russia put you in place even though she
conceited yes you know she Conceited the
night of the election CU she was beaten
yes and it was a thing that was pretty
common for people especially Democrats
to deny the elections
there's been many of them the Bush
Administration the you know the dangling
Chads all that all that stuff well look
at these guys in Congress all these SAS
bags in Congress that are Democrats
they're still denying
2016 but now they don't so much because
you know they try and pin it on me you
don't hear them say here's my they
denied it right up until the end my
point is this idea of election fraud is
a forbidden topic and you get labeled an
election deny it's like being labeled an
antivaxer if you question some of the
health consequences that people have had
from the 19 shots oh my God you're anti
you're an antivaxer if you say and what
I say publicly and I've said this a lot
it's not
0% so if you ask me what is the amount
of election fraud in this country is it
0% no one thinks it's 0% I've never met
one person not a a super liberal
Progressive far left person or a a
right-wing conservative not one person
thinks it's 0% they think when you have
human beings and also you have a lot of
weirdness that was going on during the
2020 elections particularly with mail
and ballots and you had legislators that
had to approve and they didn't approve
and they went out and did it anyway and
you had ballot you had old-fashioned
ballot screwing I mean you had the you
have people going up and dropping in
phony votes you had unsigned ballots etc
etc there's certain people that think
they have and there's the rhetoric is
also that you're Hitler and that in
order to stop Hitler you have to do
whatever it Tak that was okay yeah yeah
and this is I mean you're hearing this
now K compared you to said Your Love of
Hitler yesterday it's you know KLA is a
very low IQ person she's a very low IQ
you know I'm for taking tests too I
think anybody that runs for president
should take they should give him test
and it's not an age thing it's not based
if you look back on History 70s and 80s
your greatest some of your greatest
leaders in the world world history
longtime world history they were in
their 70s and their 80s but I think you
should take cognitive tests I think
everybody they say it's
unconstitutional but I think ridiculous
I think Comm should have a test because
there's something missing there's
something wrong with her well I think
it's pressure I think the pressure and
the scrutiny you've been a celebrity for
a long time and you understand what this
is like but for someone who's in her
late 40s who becomes the vice president
who runs for president becomes the vice
president and then all of a sudden the
weight of the world is on your shoulders
and there's all these people paying a
lot lot of people clam up but you either
have it you don't correct look this is
an interview you've we've covered a lot
of territory right and and you know it's
fine I don't care I want to I think it's
much more interesting she to do an
interview with uh Al Anderson
Cooper a softball crazy softball
interview she took two days off and she
studied and studied all day long and
then she comes out with a result that
was a real embarrassment that was a
really bad interview she couldn't answer
a question question and every question
is not answered I mean like what would
you do your first day in office okay
I'll build a wall I won't build the wall
there's a hundred things you can say
just say anything right uh there's
something off with her well I also we're
dealing Jo we're dealing with the
smartest people they hate when I say you
know when the Pres when I call President
she they said he called president she
brilliant well he's a brilliant guy he
controls 1.4 billion people with an iron
fist I mean he's a brilliant guy whether
you like it or not and they go crazy
right it doesn't mean he's not evil or
it doesn't mean he's not yeah of course
dangerous but but actually we have evil
people in our country yes if you have a
smart president he can deal with Russia
he can deal with all of it I had a i
Russia would have never gotone into
Ukraine if I were president how would
you have stopped it he automatic two
things I told him I said Vladimir you're
not going in I used to talk to him all
the time you're not going in I can't
tell you what I told him because I think
it would be appropriate but someday
he'll tell you but he would have never
gone in but you know why else he
wouldn't have gone in oil prices at $40
a barrel wouldn't have allowed him
wouldn't have given him the money to
prosecute that war wouldn't have given
him the money I said it with President I
was with President she I said it was
almost the same conversation with
Vladimir was
Moscow with President she it was Beijing
it was almost the exact same
conversation I said don't do it he would
have never done it the day I left they
flew 28 bombers over the middle of
Taiwan 28 bombers and it's the apple of
his eye and the same thing with Russia
it's the Apple Ukraine is the apple of
his eye I used to talk to him I had a
very good relationship with him he
wouldn't have done it he would have
never done it but he also wouldn't have
done it because of the you know one of
the reasons that what happened is number
one he doesn't respect Biden at all not
even a little bit and who the hell would
but he doesn't respect him but when he
saw what happened in Afghanistan how
horribly that was handled number one you
take the soldiers out last not first
okay that was their big mistake and we
had that thing charted out and they
weren't obeying us they weren't uh Abdul
is the head of the Taliban boom boom he
had to do all these things some he
didn't do I said nope you're not do you
got to do them all this guy took he
immediately took all he left the
equipment behind 13 soldiers dead but he
took everybody out he took his soldiers
out before a child would know that's
where Millie was so stupid he was such a
stupid guy
Millie okay those generals should have
all been fired the Afghan the people
that were involved with Afghanistan
should have all been fired then they'd
be writing books about him how stupid he
was and bad he was but you take your
soldiers out last I had a a big rally
and I saw a child in the front
row uh about a year and a half ago and I
called the child up I said do you mind
if I borrow your child oh yes please and
they came up kids five years I gave them
quick details you know I said we want to
get out of this place and we have this
and we have this and we have the
equipment I gave him a little thing I
said do you take your soldiers out first
or last after everything's done you take
them out last sir a child would know
that we took our soldiers out first what
was your and we left a bag room well not
only that we left billions of dollars
worth of equipment and military vehicles
that they use for parades now best the
best equipment yeah to embarrass us the
best equipment in the world the Taliban
parade where there got tanks rolling
down the streets and Blackhawks flying
is the craziest thing I've ever seen
fact that we left all Best Equipment in
the World Behind what would you have
done differently well number one we
would have taken it out just so go back
a little bit further I had a couple of
conversations with Abdul and from the
time had those conversations cuz they
were shooting our soldiers you know with
the sniper stuff they were shoot they
were shooting a lot of them they were
shooting a lot with Obama much less with
me but they were shooting him and I said
get this guy on the phone the Press went
nuts when they heard this I had a great
conversation with it was a tough
conversation 18 months later there
wasn't one soldier that was ever shot at
and even Biden admitted it in a moment
of stupidity cuz he shouldn't admit it
his people went nuts he said yeah well I
will admit no Soldier we had we didn't
have a soldier killed in 18 months in
Afghanistan not one soldier was killed
because he understood what was going to
happen if that happened I didn't have
one so then when I left after having
gotten more votes than any sitting
president in the history of the country
and much more votes than he got in 2016
when I
left they started shooting our soldiers
but more importantly what they did is
they did that whole thing with you know
leaving he shouldn't have left number
one should have left from bogram because
bogram is this massive base it's got
tremendous acreage around it tremendous
it's a very big it was built many years
ago and part of the reason you wouldn't
have taken that is because it goes to
China one hour from where China makes
its nuclear missiles you should have
never left bogram number one they should
have left from bogram they should have
left last they should have got you know
we have Americans that are still there
they should have taken all their
equipment out everything should every
plane every screw should have been taken
out every tent and I said that that's
when I realized that Millie was a dummy
I said we're leaving but I want to get
everything out sirar it's cheaper to
leave it I said what do you mean cheaper
to leave it yeah he said it's cheaper to
leave it that was cheaper cheaper he
said it's cheaper sir not more dangerous
he just said cheaper I said I want every
plane I want every tank I want the
goggles they night goggles they have all
this stuff that these guys now have he
said sir it's cheaper to get out and
leave it I said so you think it's
cheaper to leave a $150 million brand
new airplane in there than it is to fly
it out with a tank of jet fuel and put
it in Pakistan or just fly it directly
back it's cheaper to live I said this
guy's nuts I'm telling you he was so
stupid he was so unwise he was like an
unwise man and there were a number of
them but I defeated Isis with the
greatest generals I had a guy who was so
great I flew to Iraq and I met the real
generals not these idiots that we deal
with and we knocked out you know I
defeated 100% of the Isis caliphate they
said it would take five years I did it
in a matter of a few literally a few
weeks and we hit them hard and he said
so we're going to hit him here we're
going to hit him there we're going to
hit him here there and I said this guy's
great I like this guy I was told it
would take five years that's why I went
I said how could it take five years we
have brand new Fighters we have the best
planes the best weapons the best guns
the best bombs how could it possibly
take that long and I flew to um I flew
and left at 3:00 in the morning nobody
knew I was going I got on Air Force One
and we started
flying and when we reached about half an
hour away from Iraq that was where the
air Port was big
airport uh about a half an hour away
they said sir I'm sorry you'll have to
turn off all your lights why we're
getting close to our site our land I
said you mean we spent 8 trillion do and
we can't leave the lights think of this
20 years $8 trillion and we can't leave
the lights on in a
plane I said that's okay turn the lights
on I'm not going to fight him that's one
this is because it's too dangerous yeah
too dangerous cuz they see the light up
in the air they'll shoot at it you know
so uh I said said turn the lights off
then they said sir we're going to also
pull your shades of that's okay said
that's okay the plane was Pitch Black
all the lights outside you know the
blinking they go the blinking Reds they
were all turned off and I like to sit
with Pilots a lot of times and these
guys are specimens I always say they're
better looking than Tom Cruz okay and
they're even taller like perfect
specimens these guys like for a fighter
you know you have some guys that are
perfect specimens these and you know
they picked they picked the best pilots
in the Air Force United States Air Force
to fly Air Force One and I get up there
and I'm sitting and and I'm feeling my
way up you know it's up high 7:47 so you
go through the stairs but I sort of knew
my way up there wasn't a light in the
plan I'm saying can you imagine we spent
trillions of dollars and we're trying to
fly in blind but I got into the plane
the cockpit is dark black little tiny
light you could see the pilot
a perfect looking human being his
co-pilot everybody was perfect they were
all like movie stars you know it's like
I could have cast a movie with these
guys and nobody would believe it because
they were too
good-look so I said how are we doing ke
sure we'll be landing in 10 minutes and
I look outside there's not a light and
I'm saying you know I've landed a lot of
planes I and you see like little lights
at least there's nothing it's just pure
desert and I said okay Captain good but
I'm looking that that where did you
you've been in many PLS where it has the
computer sign saying 1,000 ft n goes
1,00
900 800 it's a computer voice but it
sounds like but it's incredible
voice 700 I say captain are we okay I'm
look are we okay Captain there's no
lights and I'm looking you know normally
when you land a PL because I sit with p
a lot I think it's great I think it's a
great profession everything it's incred
they're incredible these machines are
incredible he said sir we're fine no
problem sir I
said you know go I don't see the lights
up there Captain sure we're okay you
know so I mean I'm exaggerating a little
bit you know Pro problem with
exaggerating they'll tell the story
they'll say Trump was a coward so I'm
sitting with him he go 500 fo and I'm s
and I'm telling you there wasn't a light
on the
runway nothing and we're going in you
okay Captain everything good yes sir no
problem we'll be down at about 1 minute
sir and I'm telling you Joe you know
there's always a light there's not a
little pin and all of a sudden and you
hear bah bah Perfect Landing like glass
that's how good I mean these guys
between the equipment and it's genius
it's pure it was so dark you couldn't
see a thing there was no Runway you
wouldn't know where the hell you you're
in the middle of a desert and then I got
out of the plane I said thank you
Captain that's a great job and then I
get out of the plane and I'm going down
and I see a general and another General
and I see a staff sergeant a drill
sergeant and are various guys all
Central Casting Central
Casting they said sir would you like to
rest I said I don't want to rest I want
to figure out what the hell are we doing
with Isis I'm hearing we we can't it's
going to take years no sir we can do it
very quickly sir and anyway we go into
the room we go I mean Biden would have
taken nap for 4 days and then left
without a meeting so we go into the room
and these they have these guys I say how
long can you do it how long we can do it
in a couple of weeks sir I said wait a
minute they told me five years we can do
it in I don't he gave me a number like
like just like in no time I said why
haven't you done it because the orders
came in from Washington sir and they
would come here and tell us what to do
don't you challenge us we're not allowed
to do that sir that's not the military
way they tell us what to do and we have
to respect them I just so do you think
that it was incompetence why they didn't
go after Isis I think it's a bad system
you know when Mattis goes there or when
Millie goes there who's stupid and they
tell these guys that are actually smart
what to do and the guys that are smart
are saying we don't like what they're
doing but they're not allowed to sort of
counteract plus the guys that went there
are arrogant you know they're arrogant
fools they're like stupid fools uh the
way they pulled out of uh you know the
way they as an example the way they
pulled out of Afghanistan with the
people falling off the planes the it was
so it was it was worse than Vietnam with
the helicopters fall it was so bad there
was no reason for it anyway so we
knocked them out and I mean we have
great military we have great people but
not the television guys and I rebuilt
the military and then they gave a chunk
of it now I have to tell as much as it
is it's a tiny little piece believe it
or not we have an believe I rebuilt the
military I rebuilt our nuclear and in a
way I hated to redo it but I got to
realize how powerful that nuclear is
Joe one bomb Israel is gone but forget
one bomb could take out the entire East
Coast it's so bad and I watch these poor
fools talking about our oceans will rise
1 18 of an inch over the next 500 years
I mean we have people we have countries
right now you five countries and don't
underestimate North North if you take a
look at North Korea their new I was
there I mean I was with Kim I had a
great Rel I got along great with him you
know the president he got along that's a
good thing it's not a bad thing it's a
great thing Obama thought we were going
to go to war with North Korea when I met
with Obama just prior to the Takeover
you know you meet you have it's a sort
of a ceremonial meeting but it lasted a
long time a lot longer than it was
supposed to last I said what's the
biggest problem he said North Korea
by the time I finished I was we we had
no problem with North Korea we were
really it was a little tough at the
beginning remember MH he said uh I have
a red button on my desk I said I have a
red button also but mine's bigger than
yours and mine works I liked how you
called them little rocket man I said I
said yeah little rocket I said little
rocket man you're going to burn in hell
and it was a rough yeah oh so rough that
people were worried this is crazy and
then one day I got a call sort of like a
fight I got a call you know you ever see
what they pounding P then all of a
sudden but I got a call and it was from
him meaning his people they wanted to
meet they wouldn't meet Obama he tried
to meet they wouldn't even talk to him
about it and I think he expected to go
to war I actually do I believe he
expected to go and we check their
nuclear stock po it is substantial I
mean it's that's I said do you do
anything I got to know him very well I
got to know him better than anybody
anybody
and I said do you ever do anything else
why don't you go take it easy and relax
go to the beach you have beautiful beach
nice beach front property you know
kiddingly I said you're always building
nuclear just relax you don't have to do
it let's build some condos on your
Shoreline they actually have gorgeous
stuff and he said uh I just have to do
it because I need it for my safety ET
said I got to know him very well we had
no problem with him if you have a smart
problem if you have a smart really the
right president the smart president
you're not going to have a problem and I
say it to people we have a bigger
problem in my opinion with the Enemy
from within and it drives them crazy
when I use that term but we have an
enemy from within we have people that
are really bad people that I really
think want to make this country
unsuccessful when you look at what's
happening at our border Joe when you
have people coming in that when when
other countries are allowed to empty
their prisons into our country with
murderers we had
,99 murderers dropped in our country
over the last three years and 15,000
rapists convicted rapists yeah drug
dealers drug lords that's just the ones
that have been correct people from
mental institutions what do you think
this hundred hundreds of thousands of
major criminals tougher and worse than
anybody we have these we're seeing the
consequences of it in San Antonio
they've taken over apartment buildings
in Aurora Colorado take apartment
buildings these Venezuelan G just the
beginning what what do you think the
strategy is you know one of the things
that they've said is that you uh stopped
a bill from being passed but didn't that
bill also include amnesty for the people
that are already here Jo this is years
after the fact the damage was already
done but what was the bill was the it
allowed 2 million people and they were
going to get amnesty it was a horrible
bill it didn't protect us at all but we
should just tell people what the
strategy is so one of the things that's
been their strategy one of the things
that's been very clear is that they've
moved a large percentage of these
migrants they're coming across the
border illegally they've moved them to
swing States like this is what's going
on with Springfield Ohio right they're
in swing States well that's not a swing
state I'm going to win Ohio by a lot so
that's not a but it's called Springfield
Ohio to be exact and yeah Springfield
Ohio is this very nice community of
52,000 people that just had
32,000 migrants that don't speak the
language dropped into their Community
you can't get into a hospital you can't
get into a school it's gone from a
beautiful little place to a horror show
and the mayor is a nice guy and the
mayor says we're looking for
interpreters I said no you've got to
remove them and bring them back to their
country mostly Haitians in this cas is
but they speak no they speak no language
they speak no no English mean in fact
even the language they do speak it's I
mean they can't get interpreters they
can't do anything and the mayor's trying
to be politically correct they're all
trying to be in Aurora Colorado you have
the the worst probably the worst gang
MS-13 might even be you know those two
are the worst gangs these are Venezuela
gangs they have taken over apartment
complexes and they're going to want to
take over the whole thing and you have a
weak Governor pathetic Governor uh who's
a radical left Democrat he doesn't know
what the hell to do but you have it in
many other communities but they don't
like to talk about it because it's you
know it's bad for the community to talk
about it these people have been LED in
here by this imbecile she's and I mean
it she's a low IQ person low IQ right
but it's also it's obviously not just
her there's there's a strategy that's
involved in letting these people she was
in charge of the Border well she's in
charge of the Border but they also they
they utilize that app the app that used
to be used it used to be used I think
essentially wasn't it for shipping
wasn't it when people were this country
it was used for shipping and now it's
used to deal with the cartels the cartel
heads of the cartel rich people by the
way these are loaded these people have
so much money they would call up think
of this they call up the app and the app
tells them where they should take their
load of illegal migrants from the Congo
you know we have a lot from the Congo
prisons in the
Congo um I made a little bit of a
sarcastic joke a man named Dana White
who you love who I love I assume you
love I love that dude I think he's in a
class by he's probably the reason why
you're
here I I I don't know maybe he's one of
the big ones he is the greatest guy you
know I always say every nobody's
indispensable you know everybody can be
replaced maybe you can't be you might
not be but they know what truly I don't
think you know the things they sold it
for 4 billion I said what a hell who the
hell is going to pay 4
billion and they made like a great deal
mean take him out I think it's all every
no he's the
best greatest guy he spoke at my at the
whole thing with you know I had just
been shot and he got up and he spoke so
better than anybody I mean who would be
better to introduce you I asked of all
the people and I know the biggest people
in the world and they all would have
loved to have done it I said Dana would
you do it you it was interesting he was
away and he said to the people that you
know one of my guys called said I won't
be able to do it I'm she I just left
with my wife and family I won't I said
he said no yeah I was a little surprised
even though I knew he was very far away
he was in someplace some you know and
and he deserved it with his family you
know the whole thing and then I said all
right that's let's and so we're look at
who we going to get and all of a sudden
she comes in sir Dana White just said
he's going to do it and he's coming back
in tonight he's taking you know the guy
is just a incredible guy and he's like a
tough Champion but loyal yeah he's got
to be one of your favorite people he's
one of my favorite love to death I've
been friends with him for 23 years I
love him so would you have um because
you're what you're doing here is
incredible I mean everybody tells me all
I know is today I'm going you know
you're and Joe Rogan people tell me like
I said I say how the hell do you know
that but it's it's sort of what you've
done here is amazing where would you be
if you didn't do the UFC stuff would you
have this show do you think yeah I would
still be doing it for sure yeah would be
the same would it be at the same level I
don't know but you would have it's hard
to know I think you know one of the
things that works for this show I guess
is that I I'm involved in so many
different things you know standup comedy
UFC and all the interest that I have
that lead to the podcast will you always
want to do you first of all you love UFC
I love it yeah you love the fights I
mean I watch you you are loving it they
could pay you nothing it'd be very they
didn't pay me anything for the first
like 13 shows I did it for free cuz they
were hammering money and I became
friends with Dana and my my position was
you're going to give me the best seat in
the house I get to sit cage side for the
fights I like I'll do it and I wanted to
help I was like I think these are the
guys that we had always hoped for in the
early days of the sport I started
working for the the company in 1997 I
was the before the UFC was purchased by
zua which Dana work for so I I was a
part of the previous owners and I only
did it for a couple years it was just
too much and I was losing money and it
was banned from cable because of
Budweiser and John McCain and you could
only get it on Direct TV and so and then
I came along and I gave him the S and he
loves you he never forgot it he he loves
you for that he talks about all the time
just interrupt you for one so he they
couldn't get a site because it was too
dangerous and everybody was against it
and they couldn't get license and I gave
him the first two or three sites and
they were great and by the way I went to
the first fight I said I never saw
anything like this it was crazy it was
so good take the best fight you've ever
it was like that fight right it was so
good that I gave it to him again again
and all of a sudden it caught on but you
know when I wasn't in Vogue you know
I've had time you probably never had a
time but I had times when I wasn't
exactly inv vog Dana they called him he
said he's the greatest guy there's
nobody like he said I'll never say
anything bad about that guy because when
I needed because they were having a hard
time at the beginning they almost pulled
the plug a couple of times right he said
he stood up and he gave us stuff that
nobody else gave us and nobody wanted
anything to do and he said I will never
and there was a time where it would have
been very popular for him to say bad
stuff about me he said the greatest
stuff about me he said you're going to
try and get me to say bad stuff about
Trump I'm never doing it he's a very's
an unusual guy very unusual guy he's a
fantastic guy a perfect guy to be at the
helm of something so controversial as
the UFC controversial now I mean well
now it's huge yeah well this was always
the thing that I would hop that it would
be I always knew that it was
unbelievably entertaining but I just
didn't know if maybe I was crazy maybe I
loved it because I've had this long
history of being involved in martial
arts and maybe like other people just
think it's too violent but can boxing
make it yeah boxing still a great sport
I love boxing but it seems to be so
unimportant Now by comparison to UFC
don't you think I think well you know
Dana is working with the the kingdom of
Saudi Arabia they're they're going to
start promoting boxing now and with Dan
at the helm of it I think boxing can
return because the thing is they want to
make fights that other PE maybe you know
promoters don't want to make because
they want to protect their fighter
controversial fights where you know it's
dangerous like you don't know this guy
could lose and so the Saudis they're
smart they just offer a tremendous
amount of money and they're putting
together Fighter fights that no one else
can put together they're doing that in
boxing if Dan is involved he'll probably
make it good you know the amazing thing
though the the in fighting no UFC
fighter they say has ever died and it
looks to me much more violent than bucks
many boxers have died isn't it
interesting and Dana tells me because
they take so many shots to the face yes
and there's also no other options to
preserve yourself to protect yourself so
if you get hit in a UFC fight you can
clinch you can try to take the fight to
the ground you get options also you
don't get allowed to get knocked down
and then get back up when you get
knocked down you're concussed and
generally you know if a guy's really
hurt they could be finished in in on the
ground and the fight's over if it's
boxing you have 10 seconds to get up you
get up your head kind of clears but
you're still in real bad trouble and
then you can kind of run away and
survive until the bell rings they're
only three minute rounds and then you
start again so you're getting repeated
punishment to the Head yeah you know and
then there's also the issue of guys
weight cutting you know which is a
problem with the UFC as well but weight
cutting in boxing has led to if you look
at deaths in boxing there's very few of
them in the heavyweight division most of
the deaths in box in or the lightweight
divisions because when guys dehydrate
themselves to to to lose weight to make
weight their brain is the last thing
that gets rehydrated like it's very
difficult to completely rehydrate
hydrate your brain quickly and you only
have 24 hours between the weighin and
the fight and it used to be the
weigh-ins were the day of the fight like
when when boom boom manini had a fight
with Duku Kim and killed him in the ring
which is one of the last ones on
television that we've seen that's right
that was a crazy event for people and
heartbreaking and it L to a bunch of
different changes and one of them is day
before we to allow people to rehydrate
better and the other one is they dropped
it from 15 rounds down to 12 which look
they should do that I you know I'm not
I'm not the fighter so but those 15
round fights were unbelievable they were
unbelievable un unbel you go back Golden
Age yeah in terms of entertainment oh
yeah those were the the championship RS
those were the greatest fights those
last three rounds were crazy I mean it's
such a war of attrition you know a lot
of people think even like a five round
UFC fight that the UFC is f minute
rounds it's so much energy you're
burning out and those last couple of
rounds those five round fights the
fourth and the fifth round unbelievably
brutal who's the greatest UFC fighter in
you are you allowed to say in your
opinion it's tough for you to say
because you do this but who do you think
is the greatest of the fighters there's
there there's a lot of arguments for
who's the greatest of all time you know
uh John Jones most people would say he
the greatest of all time never lost uh
it's a there certainly a really good
argument for that there's another
argument for George St Pierre uh I
always leave in BJ Penn in his prime
Anderson Silva in his prime um you know
Mighty Mouse people forget about Mighty
Mouse because unfortunately he's a
smaller guy he's 125 pounds flyweight
Champion he's one of the greatest
expressions of mixed martial arts I've
ever seen I think to this day what kabib
is fantastic but if you looked at like
accomplishments in terms of championship
fights kabib retired 29 and0 but he
didn't have as many
they say he might have lost to glaz and
Tau he might have lost to him might have
lost round and that was a controversial
fight where people think that glaz and
Tau could have even got the decision in
that fight I'd have to go back and watch
it again to make a decision but uh
they're great athletes oh the best
athletes in the world and the the most
dangerous sport in terms of like it's I
always call it highlevel problem solving
with dire physical consequences it's
just brutal that's what fighting is you
know I I never forget so there was a
fighter named James T Tony oh yeah I
love James Tony he fought as a very
light fighter and he ended up as a
heavyweight this guy went through
everything he was almost like a
lightweight he went from middleweight
all the way up to heavyweight yeah beat
holfield as a heavyweight and he was a
real fighter oh yeah so James Tony and I
think it was uh St George uh George St
Pierre St Pierre I think it was him who
did he fight James Tony no um James Tony
didn't fight George he fought a UFC
fighter yeah Randy cure fought James
Tony was it that was like an easy fight
that was a very easy fight Randy cotour
just took him down and it was the most
and he's half the size and he just once
he got to the ankles in fact the announc
said it's over yeah took him down
mounted him strangled him it was pretty
he was but he was talking big because he
was much bigger he was a pretty big guy
think James just wanted to make some
money and you think so but I never
forgot it it was over very quickly and
he was lying sleeping on the mat and he
was talking you know he was doing the
Muhammad Ali stuff but it didn't work
out but I remember the fight yeah that
was cure probably yeah it was cure
George never fought a boxer in an MMA
fight if he did he would kill him was he
was he one of the greatest yes
unquestionably that's the the argument
there's like a handful of guys you can
make the argument is the greatest of all
time people forget about Anderson Silva
in his prime he was Unstoppable it's but
that's the thing is and then there's
Fedor milliano who fought in Pride in
his prime he was Unstoppable there's
there's this and you have a couple now
that are pretty good oh we've got so
many now Alex Pereira
there's an argument that he's the topfor
fighter in the world now he's it's
unbelievable but it's like Fighters can
only compete at that level for so many
years and so my opinion you have to
judge them at their very Peak you can't
judge them when they're hanging on and
still fighting you can't judge them when
they're coming up you got to judge them
in that Championship peak in that
Championship Peak there's a handful of
guys that you would consider at the very
top if they stopped a little bit sooner
yeah some of them would have had you
know I mean there are a couple of that
you just mentioned without mentioning
names and they stopped they had the
perfect they were unbelievable and then
at a certain age they start getting
knocked out right yes it's unfortunate
but the thing is that same belief in
themselves that lets them become a
champion makes them think that they can
do it long past the time that they
actually can well Anderson Silva was
essentially unbeatable and then he lost
a CL one and then all of a sudden he had
no he got knocked out he got knocked out
by Chris Weidman right uh he was kind of
clowning in that fight famously and C
Chris Weidman had a vicious left hook
knocked him out and then they fought a
second time and he broke his leg on
Chris Weidman right that's right and
after that fight he was kind of never
the same because that that leg break
injury which Conor McGregor had there's
quite a few Fighters Wiman actually W up
having the same injury ironically
there's only been like you're never the
same cuz you can't kick never the same
well you can Weidman is still kicking
with that leg you can but
psychologically when you throw a kick
and your leg snaps in half and you're in
agony for a year right you have to get
surgery you have to get bolts and plates
keep your leg together and then it takes
forever for it to heal it always amazed
me how the kicker I mean you have those
cases but the kicker will do tremendous
damage to somebody's leg but their leg
doesn't seem to get damaged isn't it
sort of it does get damaged it hurts
more than you yeah but your shin you you
your shin gets very numb after a while
and guys that are really good kickers
they're kicking the thigh and they're
kicking the C they kicking soft areas
and they're slamming this hard numb Shin
their Shin gets all these like micro
fractures all over the shin and it
calcifies like these guys can kick
baseball bats you ever see them break
baseball bats with their Shins It's
Crazy some guys can do two baseball bats
someone will hold the baseball bat and
they just kick right through them I
watch your enthusiasm now right yeah and
it's like that's why you're good at what
that's why nobody does this better that
without the enthusiasm forget it well it
has to be authentic like that I mean the
only reason why I do MMA commentary is
cuz I I'm very interested in it for real
it's I'm not I don't have to manufacture
it I'm very interested so I and you love
going in there after the fight and
they're sweating all over you they're
slopping all over you you're B on
they're bleeding does that bother you a
little bit Yeah like two weeks ago with
a guy was he I never saw Round Tree yeah
he more stuff came out of his nose yes
it was pretty nasty but no I'm very used
to it I just wanted him to be able to
express himself you've done a great job
thank you you've done a great job so
back to you and back to what what are
you and first of all I love this idea of
you teaming up with Robert Kennedy right
and I love this make America healthy
again idea because there are chemicals
and ingredients and in our food that are
illegal in other countries because
they've been shown to be toxic there's
pesticides and herbicides and there's a
lot of that's been sprayed on our
food that really is unnecessary and
there's a lot of Health consequences
that people are suffering from a lot of
these things and to chart for you
beautiful because I had a feeling you'd
be asking me look at this chart these
are healthier countries look where the
United States is I'm going to send this
to RFK Junior look so this is uh well
something along the I was actually
talking to RFK today and he told me that
more than 70% of young men are
ineligible for the military because of
their health I could say it that's a lot
of it's obesity so here's the life
expectancy vers versus Health
expenditure same
yeah did you see that USA that's pretty
good Jam's the best he's very good he's
the best no but look at that look at the
US not good and that's our food that's
our diet that's that's sedentary
lifestyle that's our diet that's the
chemicals we ingest that's what that is
but RFK is going to be very you know I
think he's a great guy I I love the fact
that you guys teamed up and are you guys
are you completely committed to have him
a part of your Administration oh I am
but the only thing I want to be a little
careful about with him is
uh the environmental because you know he
doesn't like oil I love oil and gas I
think you know I think keep him out of
that to fire so I'm going to sort of
keep him out of a little I said focus on
health Focus you can do whatever you
want but I got to be a little bit
careful with the liquid gold you know I
understand um but listen there's plenty
of good work that could be done if you
focus on health here's the one that
here's the one that my all-time favorite
though see the arrow right here that's
what I left do you have anyone that is
pressuring you to not work with him have
have there been people RFK Jr there yes
I would imagine because financially he
could put it I would say that and you
know the I think in many ways they've
done a good job and many ways they've
done a bad job but I would say that the
uh big
Pharma wasn't thrilled when they heard
that you don't have a Rel I've actually
always gotten along very well with him
I've known him a long time he's a
different kind of a guy he's very smart
great guy and he's very sincere about
this I mean he really is you know he
thinks we we spend a fortune on
pesticides and all this stuff and then
you end up with that chart is a terrible
chart the one previous it's such a bad
chart when you look at where we are
compared to other countries that don't
spend 10 cents so you know and you save
a lot of money but yeah we I've had some
people that aren't exactly
thrilled you can imagine right sure it's
a good question actually well certainly
if there have it doesn't affect me some
pharmaceutical drugs that have been
prescribed that have negative
consequences that these people have been
profiting off of and then you have a guy
like RFK Jr who spends an enormous
amount of time highlighting those things
you could say how they' be very
reluctant to have you support him I
would say that's an understatement yes
yeah so how what do you do to stop that
from getting in the way well look
they've come up with some amazing things
I mean I don't know how you feel I know
you're against the VAC certain vaccines
but like the polio vaccine people had
Polio they were it was like a
disaster and they came up Dr sulk and he
came up with a vaccine and there's no
polio now it very interesting there
hasn't been polio but now in the Gaza
Strip can you believe that have you
heard that there's been a big strain of
polio coming out in the Gaza Strip is it
vaccine derived polio because you know
there's there's a strain of polio that
comes directly from the vaccine because
unfortunately sometimes you vaccinate
people for poo see I haven't heard that
yeah yeah I mean all I can do is I sit
down and listen to him and and I'll give
it a total I would love him to be right
because it's if he's right it's a lot
less expensive generally there two
things that people point to when they
point to uh the the dangers of uh the
pharmaceutical drug industry one thing
is when pharmaceutical drugs were
allowed to advertise on television we're
only one of two countries in the world
that allow pharmaceutical drugs to
advertise on TV the other one's New
Zealand but they're they're more
restrictive than we are people are those
ads Those ads you hear like you know
take a certain drug and then you hear
all theen it causes cancer and boldness
we don't like boldness this and that and
iight and you can lose your vision and
you know I just I actually asked one of
these guys I would never take I me
because there's things that are so bad
they go through a whole list I guess
they save some liability but man I said
does that affect the purchase and they
say it really does when they when
there's something you have and you read
and then they go through the list of
side effects potential side it's not
even the potential side effects I mean a
lot of people are just I I asked that
question people hear that when I hear it
I I'm going to take a p that says may
affect your vision may cause blindness
may this yes and but well I know you're
aware of call and Casey means right yes
well one of one of the things that they
pointed out and this is a very important
thing for people to understand is what a
lot of these drugs do is they they act
to to some or another mitigate the
effects of poor metabolic Health uh but
most of these problems that these people
are suffering from wouldn't exist if we
put an emphasis on metabolic Health if
people got healthier they started eating
nutritious food and taking vitamins a
whole host of these problems that people
are having would go away and the problem
with that from the pharmaceutical drug
standpoint is they wouldn't be able to
sell drugs to these people and this is a
fear the pesticides and things like that
on the plants and the what do you think
of that it's terrible well I think
regenerative agriculture unfortunately
is very difficult to scale to a point
where you got a Jack In The Box on every
corner that's right if everybody wants
food and we have food deserts and we
have places like Los Angeles where no
one's growing anything and everything
has to be shipped in and it's very
difficult to feed that many people we've
created this incredible Society where we
have these enormous cities but it's in
it's very difficult to get food to these
people and then for a lot of these
people in lowincome areas the only food
that's available is cheap unhealthy F
that's right and we could fix that that
that's if we could send $175 billion to
Ukraine we could do something to fix a
lot of the health problems that the
United States has and I think it would
it would help us as a nation overall
just if you just put it out there that
hey as a nation we're going to make a
concerted effort to get people healthier
just put it out there and people start
making better choices well when you look
at that chart I I was I just they just
gave me that chart because they said you
may want to discuss this topic which I
know is a big topic for you and when I
looked at that chart and I looked at how
unhealthy we are as a nation that's a
that's a pretty big thing how are you so
healthy is it golf no it's genetics I
believe you know I'm a big gentics has a
big factor I really am I mean my father
was uh unfortunately it is a big factor
for health some people are just way more
robust but you do play golf a lot and
that is both of my parents it it's for
me it's good fres it really is it's
fresh you're outside um
even mentally you're focused on that
three-footer and for some for a couple
of hours you're not and I go quick I
play Fast real fast and I'm I'm in I'm
out but you know it gives me I was never
one that could like run on a treadmill I
just and I can do it you know when
passing a physical they asked me to run
on a treadmill and then they make it
steeper and steeper and
steeper and the doctor said it was at
Walter re they said it's unbelievable I
could have got I'm telling you I felt I
could have gone all day but I I said doc
I can do this all day long I'm not I
have no problem but it's boring to me do
you understand it's just boring golf's
exciting but I did it for so long they
couldn't believe it that I did it and I
never you know I don't do it I don't
really you know I have friends who run
in this stuff all day long but I had no
problem doing it but it's really boring
so with with golf or something you know
or tennis or whatever but golf as you
get older there's something really good
about it and you have competition with
yours
it's a great handicap Sport and it's
also a thing I think that's uh it cleans
your mind because when you're looking at
a a shot that's all you can think of
when you're executing it gives you a
couple of you know it's interesting like
with tennis if you're much better than
somebody you can't really play with
somebody you know it doesn't work you
can give them sort of the equivalent of
Strokes right but it's not the with golf
you can play with a lousy guy and give
him a stroke a hole or two strokes a
hole or something you know it's a good
handicapping sport but it gives me a
little exercise but I haven't played uh
in a long time I won a lot of I won 32
Club championships can didn't you play
right after you got shot uh no where I
what I did is I played with Bryson D
Shambo do you know Bryson yes the pro
uhhuh he's a great player and we played
it was a certain thing that we played I
guess called breaking 50 or something 50
we play From a Certain te and if you can
break 50 and it got tremendous ratings
sort of like a crazy thing it got he's a
great guy but wasn't that like a couple
of days after you got shot I don't know
I I know I that was one of the funniest
things you were on the golf course I
think I did yeah maybe I did but I you
know I view it very interestingly I'm
running for president of the United
States to me it's such a big deal it's
so important so I've got now the biggest
deal in the Free World it's it's a
hundred times bigger than the Super Bowl
and it's one person yeah so you're down
to two people and we start off at 9
billion cuz you have nine PE 9 billion
they say in the world who knows what
that number is but you get down to 350
million sadly we have no idea what we
have in this country but let's assume
it's 325 350 and you're down to two
people it's a biggest thing in the world
and when I heard she took off yesterday
and she took off the day before and
she's going to take off tomorrow or the
next day I haven't taken a day off in
56 days that's a long time I haven't
taken one day off I don't I didn't I
don't want to play golf this is too
exciting golf is great but this is too
exciting this is more exciting than
anything you can do and the also it's
the home
stretch it's the home stretch who would
take a day off so we have 11 days left
now and think of it so I think I've gone
54 55 days in a row no days off and I
make speeches often times you know
sometimes not but I make speeches and
when you make a speech am my speeches
last a long time because of the weave
you know I mean I weave stories into it
and if you don't if you just read a
teleprompter nobody's going to be very
excited you got to weave it out so you
but you always have to as you say you
always have to get right back to where
yeah otherwise it's no good but the
weave is very very important very few
Weavers around but it's a big strain on
your you know it's a big it's a lot of
work it's a lot of work uh you got to be
careful of the voice you can lose that
voice The Voice wasn't designed I said
today so I made a big one last night I
was in Las Vegas big one the night
before in Arizona big one I mean they're
all big we have the there's never been
anything like it in terms of crowd never
been close never been close they say he
talks about crowd says you know what's
very interesting so we get crowds that
are really big and I say you know I've
never had a story because I don't get
good press I don't think I've had a good
story in years I really don't I don't I
swear I don't think I you you were
talking about it a little bit with Oprah
everybody loved me I don't think I
became president of the United
States I did great the second time I did
much better I I don't want to get you in
in any disputes but I won that second
election so easy and not just because of
but let me let me get to that let's I
want to talk to you about that but
here's the thing I did that and now I've
gotten the nomination again and don't
forget to get these nominations you go
against very smart people Ronda Sanz was
hot got to go through him uh Nikki Haley
was hot had to go through her I went
through everybody record time right
record time I got three nominations a
row uh won the first time did much
better the second time you know I get
millions of votes more the second time
and now I'm doing it a third time and
and it's an incredible thing I never get
a good story I only get bad press now I
will say this it's a lot easier if
you're a Democrat if I were a Democrat
you get a lot of positive PRS I would
get a lot of positive PR no it's a it's
a creepy corrupt business and the the
media to a large extent acts as a
propaganda arm for the Democratic party
it's not it's not even believable yeah
it's believe I mean it's bizarre to
watch and mo you know most young people
I think are aware of it I think most
Boomers still unfortunately read the
newspapers and believe in CNN but it's
getting younger let me tell you it's
getting for us for a conservative and
you know I don't myself the Internet
it's cuz the internet's giving people
information that they're not getting
from anywhere else and they like the the
very fine people hoax the Russia gate
hoax all these different things they've
done they tried to pin on you that's
like it's a clear Distortion of what you
actually said the blood bath hooks I was
talking about the Auto industry it's a
blood bath because Japan and and China
are taking our Auto and I said it's a
blood bath they said ah he used the word
blood bath think it's going to be a
blood bath because they're going to take
over that's exact terrible thing they do
but that's the problem with propagandist
cuz they take things out of context and
of ultimately what they do is they
diminish their own credibility because
people don't want to listen to anymore
because they see that they've done that
and they recognize what's going on and
they feel insulted they're intelligence
well look at the ratings you know shows
like yours so I have a son who's very
smart and Tall Barren right and he knows
all about you he knows about guys I
never heard of he said dad you don't
know how big they are they're big you
tell me how big I said who the hell is
he like Ross I Did he said Daddy's a
great guy I mean guys that are doing
it's a whole new world out there it's a
different world and I think you know I'm
I'm on Tik Tok now congratulations and
I've done really well no but you know
the crazy have you seen the numbers
billions like billions of hits it's
crazy I'm sure Tik tok's a wild
application and I've gone up 30 points a
Republican is always down 30 with young
people I'm plus 30 and I'm on T Tik Tok
it's had a huge impact young people are
rejecting a lot of this woke
young people are tired of being yelled
at and scolded they're they're tired of
these people that they think are
mentally ill telling them what the moral
standards of society should be today
people are upset it's a big there's a
big difference now even in just a couple
of years I was shaking hands with people
they young people the rebels are
Republicans now they're like you want to
be a rebel you want to be punk rock you
want to like Buck the system you're a
conservative now that's the that's how
crazy and then the Liberals are now
Pro pro- silencing criticism they're
they're Pro censorship online they're
they're talking about regulating free
speech and they regulating the First
Amendment it's bananas to watch Joe they
come after their political opponent well
they I got more guys I always say you
know I kid but I'm not kidding I've been
investigated more than alons Capone he
was the meanest of them all he'd kill
you in two seconds if he didn't like you
right I've been under investigation more
than alons Capone only because it's
political opponent stuff and I've won I
won the big case in Florida I I'm
winning the other stuff you win but you
know what they did they did something
that's only done in third world
countries they came after their
political opponent I could have put
crooked Hillary in jail well not only
that but they're they weaponizing it by
saying that that's what you're going to
do once you get in office ignoring what
they're doing right now it's crazy I
heard it somebody was defending me today
say no that's they say that's what
you're doing to him they're going he's
going to put us in jail he's going to
invest they said what you're that's what
you're doing to him a lot of people say
will you do that will you do that to him
if to them if you win you know it's the
presidency has tremendous power I could
have put crooked Hillary I respected
that you didn't because what you said
was it would be bad for the country no I
can't I couldn't even imagine you have
first of all Secretary State but more
importantly the wife of the president of
the United States of America going into
jail and if you ever saw when I'd say
something about her they all say I
didn't say it I never said it they say
lock her up lock her up and I'd always
go take it easy just relax we're going
to win this thing take it easy take it
easy and I'm telling you I kept it down
just the opposite now they say oh Trump
wanted to put her in jail no I saved her
from going to jail they had more stuff
on her and Comey had it because when
Comey got up and he stupidly because
he's a stupid guy too he goes a he's a
stupid son of a he got up Joe he
got up and instead of saying she's
innocent of all charges he went over
each charge and each charge was a killer
and he go and as far as her doing
this she's innocent and this and then
she's only a unfair Pro secutor for
would go but every time you heard these
charges they sounded so bad they were
bad and all it was is he wanted more air
time if he would have gone up and said
I've thoroughly investigated Hillary
Clinton and she's done nothing that we
feel is wrong it would have ended
instead he wanted to be up there because
he's a he's a PR Hound he's a hog and he
starts going through the and you know
what he had they had a huge problem
because FBI is great the people there
not the top people the people the real
people the people that work there it's
like the real generals that I told you
about that defeated Isis in record time
the FBI guys are great I'll bet you I'd
be at 95% in the FBI I bet that's right
underneath yeah and and so here's the
thing so he goes with Hillary and
instead of just saying he goes through
each charge right and even I was saying
man those are bad charges sounds
terrible cuz
those chares don't forget this is before
I got there now he was trying to protect
her but he did her a great disservice
because he wanted attention he was
stupid so I want to I want to talk about
2020 because you said over and over
again that you were robbed in 2020
totally what how do you think you were
robbed everybody always cuts you off I'm
G to allow well they not only cut you
off well what I'd rather do is we'll do
it another time and I would bring in
papers that you would not believe so
many different papers
that election was so crooked it was the
most crooked election okay but give me
some examples of how well let's start
let's start from the top and the easy
ones okay they were supposed to get
legislative approval to do the things
they did and they didn't get it in many
cases they didn't get it what things
anything legis approval like for
extensions of the voting for for for
voting earlier for this all different
things by law they had to get
legislative approvals you don't have to
go any further than that if you take a
look at
Wisconsin uh they virtually admitted
that the election was rigged robbed and
stolen they wouldn't give access in
certain areas to the ballots because the
ballots were in signed they weren't
Originals they were we could go into
this stuff we could go into the ballots
or we could go into the overall I'll
give you another one are you going to
present this ever uh like do you do you
think like just give you one more
before 51 intelligence Agents come up
that the laptop was from Russia it
turned out to be totally false 51 Former
Intelligence agents right they say that
made I don't believe it's this much but
it doesn't have to I won by like I lost
by like I didn't lose but they say I
lost Joe they say I lost by 22,000 votes
that's like one tenth of 1% less than
that it's a tiny little thing 22,000
votes spread over the that's spread over
this this period so 51 intelligence
agents lied they lied they lied they
knew it was it was Hunters it was from
his bed it was Hunter's laptop they said
it was created by Russia Russia Russia
it was the Russia hooks the Russia hooks
was a big HX it was all a big hook so
well that's clear one example that is a
good examp that's a big example they say
it made a 17o difference that's a big
example but that's only one and you can
go into the ballots where they wouldn't
give you access to the ballots you could
go into the ballot harvesting you could
go into $500 million for the lock boxes
but just in terms of narrative so
there's two things right there's the
Russia hoax there's the collusion with
Russia that was never proven right
that's one well it no it's proven it
didn't happen right right but but they
they talked about it on telev two and a
half years to prove but not only that
but it was a constant narrative on
television so that's a constant
narrative that gets into people's minds
especially lwi information people that
just watch the news that you're in
collusion with Russia so that's one so
that changes the narrative and then you
have the 51 Former Intelligence agents
that work with the original Twitter and
get them to remove links you can't share
it on DMS you cannot share that story
they they swept that story because they
said it was Russian disinformation even
though they knew it was not so that's
two examples that are real examples now
anyone who considers himself a
legitimate objective Observer of
American politics if you really want the
best person to win you would want people
to not lie and the only reason why they
got away with this lie was because they
continually labeled you as this horrible
threat to democracy and Hitler they kept
saying you're going to be a dictator
ignoring the fact that you wer a
dictator for the four years where you
actually the president I was actually
the opposite of a dictator I was a very
straight guy but look those three things
you take those three things each one of
them by themselves causes the result to
be different okay it does and then you
can go into a hundred other things there
are so many we can't have corrupt
elections and we can't have open borders
we need a we need you need to have a
country you need borders you need Fair
elections and I'll tell you the other
thing you need is you need a free and
fair press one of the things I like
about doing a show like this can can you
imagine kamla doing this show I could
imagine her doing lay she be laying on
the floor she was supposed to do it and
she might still do it and I hope she
does I will talk to her like a human
being I will try to have kind of an
interview with you I hope she does
because it would be a mess she'd be
laying on the floor com she' you'd be
saying call in the Medics I think we'd
have a fine conversation I think I'd be
able to talk to her I wouldn't try to
interview her I just try to have a
conversation with her and hopefully get
to know her as a human being that was my
goal
having her on trying to get her to
express herself just as I don't know if
these I don't think these formats are
good I don't think that two people first
of all I hate the idea of the
presidential debates because I hate the
idea of a Time limitation on complex
ideas also you have to break I think you
have to have the debates to right but
the way they do the debates I think is
the wrong way to do it I think they
should have a conversation I think you
and comma you sit across a table with no
one in the room but the two of you of
course you're not going to shout each
other of course you're not going to
insult I mean it may get they used to it
wouldn't but that would be the way to do
it they used to do it that way cameras
on you with no no one interfering with
press with with checking whether or not
it's factual especially when it's biased
because they checked you all those times
and they didn't check her with clearly
things that were inaccurate right so
have two people just have a conversation
with without a time constraint and also
this idea they cut off the the the
microphone no crowd no crowd crazy too
because you're good at working a crowd I
would rather have a crowd of course you
would you're good at crowds but I had no
so they gave me an alternative I don't
think he wanted to debate why did they
want no crowd what was the AR I think
they thought I wasn't going to accept it
so I believe what they wanted to do is
have me not accept so they gave me a
deal I couldn't refuse and I said I'll
do it okay it's like the mob right I'll
take it so they came to me they said
we'll debate Joe Biden you know that
thing got tremendous ratings to that was
crazy but we'll debate Joe Biden but you
can't have a crowd they also wanted
sitting down I said that's the only
thing I said look you got to you got to
stand up you can't really sit down you
know in the old days they did sit down a
little bit but but he gets tired you got
to stand up and they agreed to it it was
a very tough thing it almost killed it
they wanted to they wanted to have like
desks we we sit I said I think we should
stand up and that was the only thing I
asked for I said we got to stand up
I I thought it looked bad for like the
public but they said no crowd and cut
off the mic and I said I can live with
it I mean I could live with it and they
thought I was going to reject it and
then they would say he didn't want to
debate sleepy Joe right that's what they
thought was going well they tried to say
that with you and KLA as well they tried
to say that you didn't want to debate
her as well no by the way with her
number one I'm leading number two you
know I didn't they also said it with the
primary so I
had like 10 12 guys right in the primary
no stupid guys I mean you know they
Governors and they Center they're not
stupid people some are stupid but not
all of them and all my guys said you
have to be in the debate I said why I'm
leading by 74 points the closest guy to
me I'm I'm like 60 points 70 points
higher why would I stand there like an
idiot for two hours and let every one of
them scream at me I'm going to be the
focus what right and I said I'm not
debating and it was a very smart thing
because you know
it was they just killed themselves the
Republican primary yeah the Republican
primaries um with I like debating I
think de I think you have to debate but
I like I like debating the like the
Rosie O'Donnell debate I like debating
when you have a g remember the rosie
funny crazy thing Megan that was a hell
of a question man if I didn't come up
with that answer well what it was is you
know that was we had 28,000 people that
was the Cleveland Arena where the
Cavaliers played right LeBron James I'm
not a big fan of LeBron James but he is
a good basketball player but you know
that was the and when I said that the
place went crazy and she kept talking no
she had like 10 other yeah well Megan
said you said it to other people and you
admitted you did but it was funny it was
it was a comedic timing moment it was
fun that's what they wanted it was lucky
I did it because she was drown oh she
wasn't F that question but she kept
talking but you couldn't hear to this
day they don't know what she said but
wasn't buzzing so anyway but we had a
good time I it's comedic timing and
that's the reason why to have a debate a
debate in front of a large audience and
then they prob Smith dinner I got very
good reviews on that great that was
great it was very funny very funny stuff
the Tim wall stuff was very funny Tim
wall yeah he's funny that's a real be
that's a crazy one she the she said that
she had picked him and this one of the
question I want to ask her when she was
sleep deprived she said she was uh
suffering from sleep deprivation when
she picked him which is just I was he
maybe take a nap so I
okay look let's see how it all turns out
I think we're going to win I think we're
way ahead now I think we're way ahead
but but um can I bring you back to they
lose I I think they're going to look at
two things they're going to say they
should have had a primary even if it was
a short primary they shouldn't have
picked her and then she's going to say I
shouldn't have picked this guy she
shouldn't have picked that guy that guy
the the lying about tanan Square
admitted that yeah the military record
assisant coach versus head coach little
thing so I did McDonald's last week
I saw that and I actually got a call
from your friends at Google from Sundar
that's pretty good right he said this is
the biggest thing we've had in years you
McDonald's McDonald's did you know that
it was one of the it was funny who's a
great guy by the way but he said this
McDonald's thing I want to tell you it's
one of the biggest things we've ever had
on Google it just hit but the reason I
did and I actually you know you never
know about this stuff I thought it was a
throwaway M I didn't think our
conversation is a throwaway but I
thought that was I thought I'd walk in
and that was only to highlight the fact
and I I have a friend he owns like 56 of
these McDonald's and he said you want to
use one I said yeah I love it so we went
there and the crowd was crazy you know
they had 28,000 people s around the
whole thing did you see the outside it
was crazy the cars couldn't get through
Secret Service was not exactly thrilled
we had no idea what the hell but I went
into the place and I did the French FY
thing and it just hit but that's like in
life sometimes you do I thought it was
like a quick throw we're going to be
there for 15 minutes then I said I've
worked here for 15 minutes which is 15
minutes more than she worked here she
lied about McDonald's and you
know proven that she never she well
McDonald's has no information no she has
no information she there's nobody the
manager said she never worked there you
know it was a certain place and he said
they never no she lied she's a liar you
know what they do they'll say like on
any one of the questions take any
they'll say it's the exact opposite of
what I say IVF he's against IVF the
fertilization right he's and and it's
the exact opposite I was I came out
immediately strongly in favor and they
do ads I'm against it it's wrong uh on
every single topic and you know she
changed policies on 15 I've never seen a
guy change anybody change on more than
one you know you can maybe get away with
one her whole life fr in every single
thing that she was for uh the
confiscation of gun she wants to conf
now she's saying everybody should have a
gun in fact we're going to get her a
magga cap I'm going to send her a magga
cap but she's changed and I don't think
people are buying it I don't think
people are buying it well some people
are buying it because they want to buy
it because it's blue no matter who
there's there's a certain percentage of
our population that's going to vote
Democrat no matter what that's true
they're pressured there's their their
Community their ideology it's as good
right is I don't understand why okay you
have a wall or you have a you know I
built 570 mil of wall everyone say I
built a lot of wall exactly the stuff
but you have a border what I don't
understand is who would want people to
come into our country from places
unknown like sometimes they'll say about
a fighter from Parts Unknown right
remember Hast from Parts he say from
parts and the old days those are the old
days that's even before you but
uh who would want people to come
in pouring into our country we don't
know anything about but that's I want to
ask you this why do you think they're
doing that I think because do you think
they're trying to buy votes do you think
they just want cheap labor like what is
what's the idea there's a couple of
theories they hate our country they're
stupid or they want to buy votes it's
one of those three things yeah they want
now they are trying to get people
registered who you know don't even know
what the country is and they're trying
to give people amnesty people that live
here they're try
toenship and they
want you think about the amount of money
that they've given them when they've
come here the food stamps the benefits
that even our poor people aren't getting
$200 billion and and that's a way low
number that's a way low you know it's
it's interesting New York has always
been like uh you know sort of like
always looking for money they've spent a
hundred billion do on this stuff I I
don't know where they and they're not
getting the money from the federal
government it's crazy and because the
mayor came out and said we can't live
like this they investigated him he gets
I by the way I called it I said he just
got himself indicted this group is
stupid but they're vicious they're
stupid people but they're vicious people
the 2020 elections you say you have all
this evidence that it was rigged why
haven't you put this evidence in a
consumable form and what did oh I did I
have I have books on it and and by the
way books have been written on
it we have an author named Hemingway who
is a great writer she wrote a book on it
but many books have been written on it
there are books that
are what's happened is judges don't want
to touch it they would say you don't
have standing they didn't rule on the
merits they ruled the merits never got
there the judges didn't have what it
took to turn over an election let's talk
about the potential vulnerabilities for
elections and election fraud one of them
is mail in ballots the other one is
the if someone can break into voting
machines if someone can hack voting
machines those are two huge
ones Elon Musk I think he said it
publicly I hope he did because I
wouldn't want to be the one but he's a
really smart guy and he's a very good
guy with computers right you'd say he's
he's one of the smartest people Al alive
anybody that can land that 20 story
building
and perfect and while he's doing
starlink while he's talk while he owns
Twitter and then he agrees to starlink
and he tweets 100 times a day he's an
amazing guy right he said to me that
unless you have paper ballots it can
never be an honest election that's a big
statement it's a big statement we should
go to paper ballots you know France did
they went the mail in voting and it was
all messed up you know the amazing thing
with the machines so we have the
machines they cost 10 times paper ballot
would cost 8% and they make paper
ballots they all watermarked and
everything else very sophisticated but
if you take a look paper ballots 8% the
cost and you're done by 9:00 in the
evening right now we have the
sophisticated machine it goes up to
heaven it goes all over the place and
down and around and they say we'll need
two weeks to figure out who the hell won
the election do you think that's by
Design yeah I do I think it's I think
it's very crooked that's my opinion
you're allowed to have it opinion what
could let's say you win in November what
can be done to mitigate these problems
what could be done at a you know at the
level that the president has power well
if I win that'll be this will be my last
election but I think I owe it to the
country yeah but I think I owe it to the
country we have to have Fair elections
so how can you fix that you know Jimmy
Carter was the in charge of a commission
you know that many years ago and they
put him in scoop Jackson and very
Senators you know distinguished people
that were retired and they came up with
a report and the report's primary
finding was you cannot have mailin
ballots because if it's a mailin ballot
you know I went to the voting booth the
last time whatever it was and I walked
in in Palm Beach and I walk in and they
know me they say Mr President could I
see your identific bom here's this
here's that everything and then you sit
and you they watch you sign and you
really there's not a lot you can do I
mean if you want it to be dishonest it's
sort of beautiful right if instead of
that I'm going to send them a ballot
right it has to go through the Postal
Services it has to go through a lot of
people they mail you houses that you
know the house was demolished and the
people have left and it it's so bad the
one thing with Jimmy Carter he had a
very strong commission who no mail and
bels and we're the only one that does
elections this way anymore they've
gotten away from them and this is a it
ticked up in a big way after Co it used
to be like soldiers serving overseas
they used to cheat yeah well they used
Co to certainly push this mail and
ballot another thing but that's but they
used Co to cheat but here's another and
the last election was a little bit of a
you couldn't even get security guys big
strong guys to watch you know what you'd
call them they'd call them and this they
were afraid to go out you know we had we
were in the middle of
Co we were in the middle of Co it right
smack in the middle and they didn't want
to die you know they didn't want to
catch it it was like in a way it was we
it was like a ghost
town and the whole thing but mail and
ballots are bad thing bad thing that
that certainly is is a problem Ma mail
and ballots are problem problem vo ID a
voter ID voter ID is the most bizarre
argument that I've never seen anybody
articulate in a way that's convincing
why don't need voter well it doesn't
make makes sense any other way I've
tried to strawman it or I've tried to
Steelman it rather I've tried to like
look at it from a position like why
would you not want people to have ID and
a lot of the ideas are just ridiculous
the you need an ID to get a driver's
license okay but here's now the next
step Gavin nsam one of the worst
governors in the
world and I used to frankly I used to
get along but I don't get along with him
because he's just too you know it's just
a whole con job but Gavin nusum the
other day signed a bill
that you are not allowed to ask a person
even ask them whether or not they have
voter ID now what could be a Char reason
why anybody they want that would be the
only thing that makes sense that's
taking it to the next level right now
you know you have ID the Democrat
National Convention when they had it the
last time I saw they had a sign like a
billboard on the the name of the person
where they live how they live who the
hell their boyfriends are every single
it was and a big picture that's for
there they have an ID a big ID it was
hanging like you were a prisoner it they
had these massive cards everything and
yet when it comes to the vote in theory
the most important thing we do okay when
you go to a grocery store you give ID
but for a vote it's supposed to be a
sacred thing and it it should be a
sacred thing no voter ID because they
want to cheat well it doesn't make sense
in any other way I've tried to look at
it there's no other way there I there's
no argument that anybody's presented
that makes any sense why you know the
funny thing Joe the Democrats the people
they all think you should have it in
other words you should have if you go to
the people Mrs Schwarz Mrs Smith Mr Mrs
Jones sure they say of course yeah
Democrats they say yes it's the
politicians that don't want it like
Schumer and these guys they don't want
it because they want to be able to cheat
because you know what if they didn't
have it okay who is going to vote for
somebody that wants open borders who's
going to vote for somebody that wants to
have uh Men playing in women's sports
you know I have never had one person
come up to me and say president you got
to do something to allow men to play in
women's sports have you ever just like
I've never been called by a Polster I
told you my little theory on polsters
okay I'm getting myself in trouble with
some of these things but I don't really
care nobody's ever come up to me and
said we want to have men playing women's
sports and you know I had I had a funny
thing at a property I own in California
I have a woman who's a very good athlete
and she works there as a manager and
Brian eracer the big uh Chicago Bear
great player you know uh ttime Allstar I
guess Hall of Famer a great guy big
strong guy and they she said oh he's one
of my favorite athletes can I have a
picture and I took a picture and I sent
and I noticed she was the size of his
leg his leg was bigger than she was and
I put it out should men play in women's
sport the whole it was just so
ridiculous um what's one of the most
bizarre and polarizing ideas that's
promoted by the left but who wants it
now unless you're going to cheat in
elections you're never going to get
nobody wants it I don't think anybody
wants it I've never I've been told
everything you know you can some people
want
this I don't know if anybody that wants
open borders nobody's ever come up to me
and say president you got to let the
world come into our country right now if
they won so they have 21 million I think
it's much higher than that because you
have Goda aways you know Goda aways
where they just walk in they walk in by
and the other thing you have is human
traffickers you have traffickers and
they traffic in women and they're going
wild now we used to you know you have to
look the trunk of cars can you believe
it they put women in trunks they'll put
three women in a trunk these people are
savages they're horrible the worst
people the you and they're making the
kind of money they make on drugs they're
almost making on trafficking now and the
thing that's made it hot is the internet
that's what you know you think of it
almost as an ancient thing but it's the
internet but who would want to have
these things who would want to have
there's so many the transgender
operations where they're allowed to take
your child when he goes to school and
turn him into a male to a female without
parental consent who wants this does
anybody want this I've never heard of
anyone and I can go into 10 different
things the only way they get them is by
no voter ID you can't have voter ID they
don't want any they want to cheat
there's only one reason cuz the voter ID
is so basic it's the most basic thing
it's very basic who would want this they
want it so they can cheat because their
policies are no good their Pol I'll tell
you they're very smart when it comes to
that they're very smart although they're
not smart in terms of uh politics in a
way because what do they have that
people want they really don't have they
give away a lot of Health Care a lot of
stuff but for the most part their
policies are terrible their policy on
Military she's running on a tax she's
going to raise your taxes you got to
hear this we are going to raise your
taxes and the people clap but who is
going to win with her all my life I grew
up with politicians lower
taxes she's she's politi in that we are
going to raise your taxes well they want
to raise the idea is you want to raise
the taxes to the highest earners I know
but they think Millionaires and
billionaires are not paying their Fair
shares it doesn't work that way well
it's a narrative right and it's a
narrative that appeals to people that
are not doing well and like yeah our
problems are that these rich people are
not paying taxes well the problems are
the rich people are going to leave and
they're going to close up their
companies and then the other people
aren't going to have jobs you know
that's what happens it does happen in
other countries but the the whole
because you you brought it up I'll tell
you what we just uh uh he's doing a very
good job in Virginia Glenn yunan I don't
know if you like him not like him I
don't know but they oh you don't I'm the
governor of Virginia so we have a case
where they found thousands of illegal
ballots a judge just rulle that they
have to be able to vote just happened
today just before I walked in here I
heard uh a judge just ruled that you
have to keep those people in they're
illegal they're illegal votes now I
think they'll be overturned at the next
court one thing I found because I had a
couple of things that they got
overturned a little bit you know the
system because the system
you have to hope that the appella judges
are honest otherwise we don't have a
country anymore it's very important but
the whole thing with the legal ballots
has got to be looked at you got to have
you have to have voter ID and you have
to have additional ID you have to have
an ID that shows that you're a citizen
of the country I agree they don't want
that either I agree um one of the things
that I want to talk to you about is the
JFK files and one of the things that you
said was that if they showed you what
they showed me this was your quote you
wouldn't want people to know it
either um
so I I opened them up
partially I was met with from good
people I mean you know look at me good
people people that were well-meaning
Mike Pompeo was one of them he's a good
person uh they called me they said sir
would rather have you not after and I
did open them
but I was asked by some people not to
open them there's a Martin Luther King
file too by the way that they'd like to
see I don't know if you know but there
is that but but JFK in particular so
they call me a lot of good people call
me people that I you know that you would
find reasonable people and they asked me
not to do it so I said well we'll close
it for another time but if I win I'm
going to open them up I'm just going to
open enough times why didn't you open it
up the first time though what was the
hesitation though addresses people that
are still living there are people that
are affected um and there could be some
National Security reason that for you
know that I don't have to necessarily
know about but some very good talented
people asked me not to do it I opened it
up and then they said would it be
possible for us to do that a different
day what how much of it did you read
into uh
uh I think it's going to be just fine to
open it let me put it that way I think
it's fine it's going to be time it's a
cleansing you know it's really a
cleansing so I'm going to do it I'm
going to do it immediately almost
immediately upon entering office well
the thing when people look at it from
the outside and you sort of imagine what
could be a reason why they would not
release those files it would be there's
people that were implicated
assassination yeah well when there
living people you generally tend not to
want to do it when people are still
living living people that formerly work
for the government for the government
and living people that were somehow
involved in it and you tend not to do
that but it's time to open them um I
can't tell you whether or not uh they're
going to find anything of interest and I
did partially open I think I I've opened
50% but I was asked not to do it and I I
I thought that was a reasonable ask but
now I'm going to do it I'm going to do
it very soon there's a lot of interest
in it one of the things that there's a
lot of interest in uh the uh people
coming from space you know yes and I
know you're interested in oh I'm very
interested in that how much did they
tell you about that a lot really yeah
what' they tell you how much can you
tell so I how's that work is it like
super top secret tell you know well
based on Hunter Biden I can say whatever
the hell I want right but no but I
interviewed a few people it's never been
my thing I have to be honest I I have
never been a Believer I have people that
area 51 or whatever it is I think it's
the number one tourist attraction in the
whole country or something Area 51 at
Las V do you know that right sure I know
what it is so anyway but it's a big
tourist thing so I interviewed jet
Pilots that say they saw something if
you saw them you'd love to have them as
I've had a couple in here Commander
David fraver yeah I had him in who had
that sighting in 2004 very very
compelling with visual video evidence
radar evidence I Brian Graves I don't
believe his name but I I interviewed jet
Pilots that uh were solid people the
perfect I mean great Pilots great
everything and they said we saw things
sir that were were very strange like a
round ball but it wasn't a comet or a
meteor it was something and it was going
four times faster than an F22 which is a
very fast plan you
know and it was round um which isn't in
theory a great shape so when you were
talking to these people was was this
something thing that you were compelled
to have conversations about was this
your personal interest a little bit it
it's not a great interest for me but
it's a little interest I get that
question as much as almost any question
do you think that we have aliens coming
you know flying around or whatever what
do you
think there's no reason not to I mean
there's no reason not to think that Mars
and all these planets don't have life
you know because well Mars we've had
probes there and Rovers and I don't
think there's any life there well maybe
it's life that we don't know but maybe
well maybe there was life there at one
point in time this is the speculation
about Mars that Mars had a an atmosphere
at one point in time a long time ago
that could support life it ALS also had
large bodies of water but we've had no
evidence of even bacterial life that
exists on Mars but the univ not been a
big thing for me I mean when I looked at
what China did to this ad they would
have never done it with me where they
put the balloon up and a lot of people
thought and a lot of people thought for
a little while that that was one of
these things well that's a lot of the
speculation too that some of these
drones that hover over battleships that
these are Chinese drones and that
they're not UFOs they could be also
there's some super sophisticated I did
interview a let's say three or four guys
that and without tremendous interest if
you had
them as I said you'd love to have me as
your children solid beautiful people
they said sir there's something there
you know they' there's something they
said it yeah yeah I've talked to quite a
few of them they're not conspiracy guys
well I mean the just the commander David
fraver thing in 2004 off the coast of
San Diego they clocked that thing going
from 50,000 feet above sea level to 50
in a second yeah they don't know what it
is that's tough to beat yeah they they
saw something in the water it was
hovering over that something that was
making a disturbance in the water they
got video evidence of this thing two
different fighter jets with pilots in
them saw it there's you know Visual
Evidence photographic evidence video
evidence radar evidence whatever the
hell it is it moves in a way that would
turn a human being into Jello if they
inside of it the GeForce no one would
survive like what is that and we don't
they it doesn't have a heat signature
they don't know what their propulsion
system was but when you fly in some of
these
jets these Pilots have to be in great
shape oh yeah I flew with the Blue
Angels once yeah I got the fly I guess
and those are older machines and they're
crazy when you when you fly in
somebody's things amazing yeah but you
got to be special but these things these
people are en counting are far superior
to what we know of yeah do is it
possible that there's some military or
government program that you weren't that
they didn't tell you
about I I think I had a great
relationship with the military basically
but you know I didn't like certain
people I would have gotten them out if I
thought if I were if the election was
different I would have fired you know
all of them quickly some most of them I
did fire uh Biden should have fired
every military person involved with
Afghanistan he should have had a lot of
firings you know if you look at him he
told Israel not to do anything and at
least Israel's not going to looking at a
bomb the way they would have been think
if they listen to Biden they'd be
waiting for a bomb to drop on their head
right
now he's been wrong about so much I
guess you'd have to say that she's been
wrong too because you know they she
always said they made the decision
together but uh Israel didn't follow his
advice and I think it was a very uh you
know there it's a very the Middle East
is rapidly changing you know there are
prophets that say the world will come to
an end in the Middle East you know that
right and we have weapons today that are
so scary when you look I rebuilt them
all and when you look at the weapons we
have today the biggest threat we have in
the world today is nuclear weapons and
we have other weapons too that are
devastating but the nuclear weapons the
biggest threat we have in the world
today and that's what
you I was talking about deescalation
with both China and Russia I'm telling
you we were going to deescalate they
were going to deescalate you got to be
careful we it's a little tricky playing
with them because they say we're going
to do it and they don't do it maybe but
they understood the curse too it's a
curse it's uh China's way behind us but
they'll catch us within five years so
let's imagine let's let's say you win in
November what do you do differently and
how do you change this course that it
seems we are on for World War II how do
you get us out of Ukraine how do you
stop what's going on in the Middle East
how do you put a stop to this well it's
it's a very uh to me it's an easy
question because I think I can do it
easily but it's a complex question in
the sense that the times change every
day
changes uh who's winning who's not
winning I mean Russia is a war machine
whether you like it or not it Just
grinds along grinds along you speak to
people like Victor Oran he'll tell you
it's a just a big fat War Machine and
that's what's happening you look at
what's happened to
Ukraine if I were there it would have
never happened but what you what could
you do now if you get into office in
January what could you do right now uh
you would get both of them I know both
very well and and again I I I cannot I
do not want to tell you you know for the
purpose of looking smart to fight people
that you know that say oh he was great
because because if I told you exactly
what I do I could I could never make the
deal all I can tell you is that I would
meet with Putin and I would meet with
him and I know exactly what I'd say to
each one of them and I believe that as
president-elect I would get that war
stopped and stopped fast you know we
have tremendous power in the United
States if you know how to use the power
I stopped other Wars just by the use of
tariffs I got macron of France good gu
like a friend of mine but a wise guy and
he's a person that likes France and he
was going to tax our companies I say you
and I sent all the smartest guys I sent
manuch and they all failed me and I said
I'll do it myself and I called him I
said Emanuel you're taxing American
companies we're not going to allow you
to do that oh Donald I cannot do nothing
I could do it's already been passed I
said Emanuel if you do that I'm going to
put a 100% tariff when your wines and
Champagnes are coming to the United
States and you're going to regret that
you ever did it he said Don please
that's not fair anyway within about two
minutes he dropped the whole thing it
was massive amounts of money against
American companies I have to protect
American companies so why doesn't the
bid Administration do this because
they're incompetent they don't know how
to talk look they met in
Alaska with uh the Chinese and the
Chinese lectured them about how badly we
treat people right okay I mean think of
it
you remember that it was like in they
didn't talk to me that way they never
they respected me they respected our
country they don't respect our country
they don't respect Biden they don't
respect her they're dreaming about her
because she's incompetent she's not a
smart person look she can't put two
sentences together she talks I watched
her two nights I watched her last night
too was the same thing she's not a smart
person these guys are very smart and
they're very Street wise and they're
very tricky and evil and
dangerous and if she
becomes the president of the United
States which I can't believe can happen
uh I don't think this country is going
to make it I I don't think we'll ever
be I think I think bad just really bad
things will happen to our country and
you know what I look at the outside
forces and I say they can all be handled
because we have a pot of gold but we're
not going to have that pot of gold to
play with anymore you know it's a great
negotiating thing
I told you I I knocked out this massive
car company going to take all of our car
business from Detroit I knocked it out
just by my rhetoric rhetorically I
said they'll never sell a car in here
I'll put tariffs I don't care they're
2,000% they're never going to build that
plant and is it possible to apply that
same thing to the electronics that we
use one of the things that disturbs me
greatly is that all of our phones are
made overseas and then some of our
phones are made in places like yes and
the chips and some of our phones are
made in places like foxcon where they
have Nets around the building to keep
people from jumping off the roof because
they have so many suicides like wouldn't
it be better to have an americanmade
iPhone where you know people are paid
good wages they have health insurance
they're taken care of they can live a
good life where you're not buying a
piece of electronics that's cheaper
because someone has to suffer a horrible
in a horrible way that's not even legal
in the United States it's not even legal
to have them work that way in the United
States so they get these people to build
them overseas you do it but but let me
just say
that chip deal is so bad we put up
billions of dollars for Rich companies
to come in and borrow the money and
build chip companies here and they're
not going to give us the good companies
anyway all you had to do is charge them
tariffs if you were to put a tariff on
the chips coming in you would have been
able to just like the auto companies no
different more sophisticated but no
different you know Taiwan they stole our
chip
business okay they want us to protect
and want protection they don't pay us
money for the protection you know the
mob makes you pay money right but with
these countries that we protect I got
hundreds of billions of dollars from
NATO countries that were never paying us
and my biggest fan is stoltenberg who
just left as the you know director
General as the Secretary General good
guy he said Bush came he made a speech
Obama came he made a speech Trump came
he said you guys aren't paying you got
to pay and they said will you protect us
from Russia if we don't I said no you
got to pay if you don't pay billions of
dollars came in to
Nato when I see us paying a lot of money
to have people build chip that's not the
way you didn't have to put up 10 cents
you could have done it with a series of
tariffs in other words you tariff it's
so high that they will come and build
their chip companies for nothing in
other words Joe you put a big tariff on
the chips coming in I say you don't have
to pay the Tariff all you have to do was
build your plant in the United States we
didn't have to give them the money to
build the plant besides that they're
very rich companies these chip companies
they stole they stole
95% of our business it's in Taiwan right
now they do a great job but that's only
because we have stupid politicians we
lost the chip business and now we think
we're going to pay you can't build it
that way you have to make them spend
their money in the United States and
those plants would open up all over and
they'll fund them we don't have to put
up 10 cents
and I am in the process of making a huge
speech in about a little while and you
and I how long have we been talking a
long time let's go probably like three
hours I got to make a speech I but we'll
do it again I want to do it again with
you you are something they said I said
how long will this last anywhere from an
hour to three or four hours how long we
do Jamie three hours good well we'll do
it again I thought it was I think it's I
think it was great it was a lot of fun
you are a fascinating guy and you've
done a great job thank you very much F
and thank you very much it's been an
honor it's been an honor to I'm going to
make a great speech and I'm going to say
uh and if I'm a little off tonight I'm
going to blame you I spoke to this guy
for 3 hours anyway it's a great honor to
be thank you sir with you thank you good
luck to you thank you very much app bye
everybody