okay it is Monday and I am here with the
one and only Alyssa Farah Griffin hello
Brian hello Alyssa how you doing good
how are you
[Music]
good all right let's jump into this
Trump Elon feud because this is driving
me crazy we weren't able to talk about
it on Friday because we had recorded
that show earlier but today we got to
dive into it and all weekend it was all
anybody was talking about until uh more
news but let's talk about this what you
said today because you called this from
the beginning i got to give you credit
we all knew it would never last but did
you think it'd be this dramatic i knew
it'd be dramatic i don't think I thought
it was going to go from zero to I'm not
even going to say what he tweeted about
Donald Trump with regard to FBI files
but in like 10 minutes flat like that
that was such an escalation i was like
like I had to I was saw some of the
tweets were being sent to me and I went
on to make sure they were real because
it just felt wild right um now I did
predict this because the way I said it I
think at the time was they both have
main character energy if you think
you're the star of the show you're not
going to it's only going to last a
little bit with someone else who thinks
they're the star so a lot of people when
they saw that presser where was like
Elon in the oval next to the Resolute
Desk like he's the real president and
you know whatever and I was like at the
end of the day Donald Trump was the one
who was elected elon wasn't he spent a
lot of money to get Donald Trump elected
and it was going to come to a falling
out um but what's fascinating about this
is just how mean it got like the fact
that he was actually saying he should be
impeached and replaced by JD Vance right
and Trump was surprisingly I'm curious
if you agree this he was kind of like
more tepid in his response very
restrained yeah i was like you you can
tell he's he's a bit afraid of Elon Musk
um and eventually I think went with the
you know the knockout blow which was
okay I'll take away your government
contracts right and that's where so Elon
Musk has about $48 billion in government
contracts over 10 years um so I mean
that's something like a third of his net
worth that could that could destroy
spaceex neuralink some of these you know
things that he some of the big entities
that are really have made him a lot of
money so I think that's when he's like
oh wow Trump is crazy like a fox I
should probably stop tweeting for Well
now the basis for all of this is that
Elon opposes the bill it seems to be the
the on the surface yes but here's what I
don't agree with please i do not think
that Elon Musk woke up and found Jesus
and fiscal conservatism i'm sorry where
has he been for 30 years we have been
voting for deficit spending since Bill
Clinton was in office right left center
Republican Democrat donald Trump to his
credit he ran on a lot of things he did
not run on I'm going to balance the
budget and bring down the deficit and
get us a surplus he simply didn't so I
think it's a little bit rich i think
what it's really about is Republicans
are cutting these electric vehicle tax
credits um they're wiping them out in
this bill right so those are huge for
people who buy Teslas and Elon is
claiming "I don't even need those teslas
is so Tesla's so successful i don't need
people to get the EV credits." But I'm
sorry no one in my family could afford a
Tesla without the EV credits that was
literally like the reason to buy an EV
it's good for the environment but it
also could be cheaper than buying a gas
guzzler because of these tax credits i
think that's what it's entirely about um
I actually like in a sane White House a
like White House like ledge affairs
liaison would go to Trump and be like
"Maybe you should cave on these EV
credits and like solve this behind
closed doors not in like a pissing match
between truth social and Twitter but
here we are." I mean so at one point it
looked like these bridges were entirely
burnt i mean you know Trump is he able
to forgive the things that Elon was
saying it seems like maybe he'd be open
to it it's gonna be a while but it
reminded me of Steve Bannon and Trump
where remember the old SNL skits Steve
Bannon was the one at the Resolute desk
he was the shadow president and then the
fall falling out happened and I remember
being I was working for Pence and Trump
basically announcing to staff it's open
season on Steve Bannon he's persona non
GRA if you've got anything bad on him
leak it to the press like he's done um
and then about six eight months later he
had made his way back into the fold so
that could definitely happen um the X
factor here is Steve Bannon is a I don't
agree with him on most things he is a
actually a very smart savvy operator who
um the things he cares about he really
believes in i don't know elon Musk is
clearly a genius in some regards but in
others I get the sense that he's a
volatile person i don't get the sense
that he's somebody who's going to play a
long game and super be super strategic
or sort of like reingratiate himself to
Trump that said there's absolutely a
world as much as people are like "Oo
Loyalty is everything to Trump you're
dead if you're not loyal to him."
There's a world in which in six months
they're going to be back talking right
because Elon has value to Trump too the
money and and everything else but now
Elon deleted a lot of the nasty things
he said he's in the last 24 hours been
praising what's happening from the
federal government in in California and
he's refollowed some senior White House
advisers that he had unfollowed before
so maybe there is a reconciliation
happening i think that honestly the
tweet about his government contracts
made him realize like Trump is willing
to go there and think about it further
like I don't want to you know put this
into the universe but Trump could launch
a DOJ investigation into his companies
he could sick the SEC on him like the
power of being the president is more
powerful than anything money can buy
like you could be the wealthiest man in
the world but that doesn't mean you
control the entire federal government as
we've seen by all the billionaires that
have been cozying up exactly so I think
there's someone who got to Elon his
board of directors his shareholders that
are like "You need to stop." And also
him realizing this is only going to hurt
him he tr I will say this Trump will win
this fight between the two of them but
as the point I made on the show Elon
kind of called him a lame duck and the
thing that Donald Trump is most afraid
of in this sec second term is being seen
as a lame duck president and if for some
reason this big beautiful bill as he
calls it doesn't pass he will be seen as
a lame duck people are going to start
eyeing who's the future of the party is
it JD Vance is it whoever donald Trump
Jr yeah god help us um yeah who is it
and as they start looking to the
midterms the midterms is when I think it
really becomes pronounced that like he
is in kind of the twilight of his
presidency and all eyes are on who the
future of the party is that's I think
something that Trump's very fearful of
because that's when he won't have the
same power and influence over Republican
members of Congress when they're like
looking to who do I need to cozy up to
next whose side do I need to stay on and
and Elon is right he may be around much
longer than Trump now one thing Elon was
talking about on his tweets or exes or
whatever you want to call it was the
idea that there's now time for a new
party because he wasn't I mean but you
just roll your eyes out entirely
like I just I find a lot of things that
Elon Musk says rich so if you followed
Elon Musk about three years ago his
Twitter feed was like Slava Ukraine
stand with the people of Ukraine like
support electric vehicles he was just a
different person and I'm not convinced
in the course of just two years you
completely flip on being an
independentminded maybe right of center
but people could never quite peg in
person to like now he's saying I want a
party that represents 80% of Americans
sure me too but then he spends his time
calling people like ableist slurs on
Twitter all day like I don't think he's
speaking to the 80% of America like I
think he's I think that's fair yeah if
if there's going to be some billionaire
who emerges to save the day my money's
on like Jamie Diamond or something
somebody who actually talks like most
people and kind of seems to speak to
most people's anxieties well now the
last the last thing on this is Whoopi
had a theory today and uh as is the
great thing about Whoopi is you never
can see it coming yeah she believed that
this is all pro wrestling basically like
she thinks this is a put on you were
very quick to say no you don't the funny
thing for me is I've heard this from a
lot of places but I've heard it from
people that are in my life that are
Trump supporters I think because they
can't bear to have the breakup and they
just have to to believe that something
smarter is going on behind the scenes my
very proTrump person close to me um my
sister um had the same thing she's like
"No this is all strategic it's a plan
like this to sell more Teslas to
liberals." Exact that actually that's
what it was i was like "How that's not
going to work?" Like that you think
that's all it would take to get liberals
to like Ela Musk again um with due
respect to Whoopi because I actually I
love a Whoopi unexpected take because I
very often um agree with them this one I
just disagree on i think that there's
this a lot of people want to assign more
um strategy to things that the Trump
White House does definitely to things
Elon does than than are there and and if
you're Donald Trump like you're not
going to potentially risk your entire
legislative agenda to help Elon sell
more cars you just can't like so just to
put into perspective the big beautiful
bill it extends his existing tax cuts it
has a bunch of energy policy that he's
banking on to basically jumpst start the
economy he thinks that that is going to
be kind of help offset the tariffs um it
has a number of like his top priorities
in it everything he ran on is basically
in this bill um a lot more immigration
enforcement if this doesn't pass he
basically looks like a guy who did a lot
of executive orders but couldn't get a
massive legislative hurdle through and
it will this is weedsy but it'll remind
people of his first term when he ran
over and over on repealing Obamacare and
couldn't get that across the finish line
like this is a this is a musto for him
and the if his tax cuts expire like the
projections for the economy are already
bad that would make them significantly
worse did Elon give Republicans cover to
vote against this yeah so what I was
hearing I talked to a couple of
Republican House members as this was
happening we were like texting so I was
like I need to know what the Hill thinks
and what was said to me by one was
basically if you're a senator who isn't
up this cycle like you're not up until
say 2028 you have cart blanch to vote
against Trump's bill because Trump can't
hurt you he's going to be out of office
when you're running for reelection if
you're up in 2026 and you can't really
afford rage tweets against you from
Trump you're probably going to have to
vote for this the House it's a little um
it's a little more like let's see where
it pans out because they're all up every
two years and I think you're going to
see some of these guys like some of the
Freedom Caucus guys who might end up
signing siding with Elon over Trump
under the guise of fiscal conservatism
because a lot of those people genuinely
believe that and so they're probably
going to be like "Oh Elon actually he
does make absolutely great points about
this bill." Um so I could see some I
it's a big hurdle to get it across the
finish line as All right I'm going to
put you on the spot because we've been
praising your prognostication abilities
does this bill get a version of this
bill get passed yes but it will look
very different than this one is my guess
all right all right let's talk about the
other big story that we talked about on
the show today the tensions are really
high in Los Angeles right now after
President Trump sent in the National
Guard to face off with ICE protesters
this kind of uh you know to use the
anchor man meme escalated quickly you
said today that you didn't support using
the National Guard on American streets
unless it's for severe circumstances i
think they said 1965 Yeah was the last
time this happened u during the civil
rights movement yeah what do you make
about how this is playing out
uh my sister's in LA and I I really have
been um every now and then on weekends I
will try to do a like tune out the news
and social media and then I figure you
producers will reach out if something's
breaking and I really need to know and I
really did a detox this weekend but my
sister lives in LA and she started
texting me and calling me about it and
um my gut is this the protests from what
I saw did start peacefully um they're
also not from what I can gather and I
want to be careful because it's it's
hard to get exact reporting on this
abc's got cameras on the ground they've
got good coverage of it they look very
large but what I'm hearing is they're
nothing projection-wise in terms of um
comparison to George Floyd in 2020 or
anywhere near the Rodney King riots um
back in the '9s and Trump I think saw an
in i think there were some examples of
some violence some damaging there are
photos and and video that is very
concerning and and but a lot of this
comes a little bit later but that is
true you see cars on fire you see people
throwing projectiles at the law
enforcement and at the National Guard
but the way that this should work is not
to jump to sending in the National Guard
it should be the president on the phone
with the governor saying "What
capabilities do you need what don't you
have so that you can secure the streets
and so that you can make this with law
enforcement who are trained in like
anti- riot um you know whatever to
handle this." But it sounds like those
lines of communications were very
blurred with him and Newsome and they
sent the National Guard in and this
bothers me because I when I worked at
DoD I worked with so many members of the
military guardsmen and others and they
the last thing they ever want to be do
is be thrown into a political powder
cake because they don't talk about their
politics in the service you don't you
when you're in a foxhole you're not a
Republican or a Democrat you are just an
American there doing your job and it
puts them in this position that is so
difficult and uncomfortable um and and
what happens too is I think it takes one
bad actor in the protests that decide to
escalate it and it becomes sort of that
that group think of then it just feels
okay that everybody's going to go wild
because some of the imagery we've seen
is terrible it's horrible police should
never be have things thrown at them they
shouldn't be shouted at they shouldn't
have their you know things thrown back
same with the National Guardsmen and
it's so counterproductive to the cause i
was talking to somebody that we we know
and love dearly who's like this is not
good for immigrants in this country it's
not the visuals are not that John Donald
Trump got the visual he want he wants
somebody waving a Mexican flag on a
burnt beat down car with like smoke
behind them that plays to everyone's
worst fear and prejudice about
immigrants in this country so it's I
just I would encourage people with
platforms talk about what you can
actually do that helps those communities
because there are things one of the
biggest things is if you can contribute
to volunteer time to help pe um to help
legal services lawyers who are helping
people get their day in court and
representing people pro bono that's the
biggest thing you have to go through the
legal process violent protest is not
never going to be the answer right right
I agree um all right also over the
weekend Kilmar ago Garcia
The Maryland man mistakenly deported to
El Salvador in March was returned to the
United States to face federal criminal
charges what did you make of this the
timing of it the fact that it happened
at all after they were very adamant that
he would never return to this country
well first and foremost our courts held
donald Trump dragged his feet he ignored
the federal court ruling for a while but
I was very bullish that he was
ultimately going to comply with this um
I think
that I as I said earlier I don't assign
like some like jiu-jitsu like fancy
level of thinking to Donald Trump in
anything he does but I also think it's
safe to say that like he knows optics he
knows things that he can do and he has a
pretty good gauge after 10 years of how
liberals are going to react and my
criticism from the outset with the
Abbrego Garcia case is the cause whether
you're a Democrat or a Republican who
cares about due process is not the man
of Abrego Garcia it is about due process
shout from the rooftops that even if you
committed heinous crimes you are still
in America entitled to due process in
the court that's what it's about but
when you make the individual a martyr in
a cause in of themselves and then you
find out there might be some really
serious there well now know there are
serious charges against him at minimum
we knew early on that he had had
multiple restraining orders for abusing
his wife and endangering his children
which the wife then did draw back but
those existed we knew we were not
dealing with like a shining citizen i
think people would be wise to take a
beat and remember what is the cause I'm
advocating for rather than a reactionary
make this person a hero because if the
unsealed indictment is is true if the
courts find that he's guilty of what
they found he should get a very serious
sentence and then he should be deported
from the United States right but none of
that will change the fact that he should
have been given due process in the first
place 100% and that's the thing is the
whole argument should be about due
process due process matters even more
when you are somebody who's been accused
of a crime not when you're just like
some nice upstanding citizen everyone is
entitled to it right so from your
perspective what should happen then is
if he's given fair due process found
guilty then the people then the people
who were demanding that he be returned
should then say okay justice was done
but correct but that that's the thing
it's funny were actually reverting to
how it should have happened in the first
place which is he should have been given
his day in court able to see the charges
against him able to have representation
and defend himself um and and my
understanding is he will if convicted
serve his time in the States before he's
sent to his home country all right all
right well we'll be watching that but
yeah the the blogger point being is it's
like I think that people would be wise
to like pause get the facts not be
emotional which it's hard to be when
it's things that you care about and
remember what is the thing I am trying
to protect and defend and in that case
it is the right to do process whether
you're a citizen or non-citizen make it
about that not the personalities who
Trump sprinkles into it because I think
he probably chose this person for a
reason all right let's move on to some
fun andy Cohen was here last week and
you asked him if Summerhouse would
change next season he seemed he didn't
love the question in the moment i could
tell no he said "I'm not the EP." And
I'm like "Okay." But you're Andy you are
literally Yeah the puppet master of all
of Bravo but the next day it was
announced there would be some notable
cast changes we get results here at the
view we really do tell me your thoughts
on this well I was actually really sad
about all of the answers but there's
major shakeup so Paige Dorbo as I
predicted is leaving and she's host of
the Giggly Squad her podcast not as good
as Behind the Table but pretty good um
she is moving on i think that was kind
of expected she's become very successful
but then Lexi Wood is also leaving who
was a newcomer this season who helped
kind of bring some drama to the show um
and then Gabby who's been on for a
number of seasons is also leaving so it
leaves the show in this interesting
place of like some of like an OG like
Paige leaving and then some of these
newcomers so they're going to have to do
kind of a big reshuffleling of it but I
kind of love that i think bring in some
like um new sloppy people my my thing
with this with like a show like that
that's built kind of around like
partying once people get into the early
mid30s your your ability to really like
send it just like decreases so yeah
bring in some like 25 to 28 year olds
and let's see what they have to offer
although I will say I have some I have
some friends in their their late 40s
that can I say I say that but I was just
telling you about a dinner party I had
with a bunch of my neighbors where they
drank like two bottles of wine per
person not me but No not you and I don't
recommend it i'm just saying i've got
I've got some friends that wake up on
the the floor of their garage and don't
know what happened um you're never too
old hey Kevin all right um there's
casting news on Real Housewives of
Beverly Hills tell us about it yes uh
fashion designer Rachel Zo is joining
which people are very excited about um
she has been on reality TV before but
also just like iconic great style
beautiful people love her i was
intrigued by the fact that she was on
Beverly Hills because that is a tough
cast to blend in with um you've got most
of the women on the show have been on
for many years at this point although
the rumor is Erica Jane's getting
demoted to friend of show we're not sure
if that's true um but I it'll be curious
to see how she fits in with the women i
do think she's friends with Kyle
Richards who's kind of like the queen of
the show i had originally thought she
was going to be on Real Housewives of
Orange County which I sort of felt like
she would have blended better with that
cast so I'm curious to see i love Real
Housewives of Beverly Hills has for a
decade been my favorite franchise and
I'm struggling a little bit with it it
felt so negative this last season so I'm
hoping she can inject into it like
friendship and like like something that
makes it more fun and you actually
believe that these women under it all
might love each other all right thank
you for joining me today Alyssa tomorrow
I'll be back with Sarah Haynes and we'll
see you then